We Survived An Era
==================

The Great Depression of the 'Thirties' was too tremendous a part of our lives to just
mention a few lines and dismiss the thought lightiy. During the Depression, and for a
few years afterward, American fàmiliei wârked traia ror very little available money.
The big item in any family budget was FooD. There yus.n:yel quite enough. Children
were not finicky eaters _ they were just thankful their table had food and they
shared it equally but hungrily.

During those years of wanting toys for christmas and finding only the few our parents
could manage for us - usually at a sacrifice to themielvel - it was rude awakening to
us who could remember far more toys under the tree! But - - w-g_Tlust also always
remember that there were always a few things for us five children, even some were
made painstakingly and lovingly by our farents.

The hard times of sacrifice and doing without muoy thingr we ihought at the time were
important to us and did us no harm. In fact, we beèame a veù closelv knit.family
really caring for one another. That closeness has lasted tt.ougnoi our lives.

One thing all of us remember is that we went to church every Sunday, sometimes twice.
That was our most important spiritual contact una lt urro served as an important
social contact for each ofus. Since no one had any money during those years, we could
console ourselves and each other that so-eouy things would be much better.

My youngest brother, Ronald s. Nunn, the last child born to our parents, Ethel and
charlie Nunn, was born in 1943 during world war II, and considerably after the
setting of my novel, "Forty Grand." which was during the Great Depression in 1936.

I was eighteen when Ronnie was born. we enjoyed telling him many times the hard times
we endured during the 'Thirties'. Hê èven believed most of them. He is a great
brother and we are somehow glad he was raised in more prosperous times.

The year 1995 was celebrated by the media as the fiftieth anniversary ofthe death of
Franklin Delano Roosevelt in warm springs, Georgia. I remember how devastated our
whole country was at that news. I always felt, and still do. that he was our
country's greatest President. He led us out oithat'horrible o.i."rsion with his New
Deal, etc. Also, I could personally relate to his greatnesrï..uur. he had battled
with a life of polio as I have. His was much wor-se than mine, as I had a mild case,
but it has always affected the way I walk. He rose aboé his ￼Kathryn Bush

Polio affliction, wen though he oould not use his legs and I wæ always in are of his
ability to inspire our nation to real greatness because oh his leadership.

I will never forget the day Roosevelt was to speak in Gainesville (where I lived)
from the back of the train platform' Our schools practiced songs for weeks to sing
for him in those fleeting moments before his speech was to begin. The words to those
songs are still in my head. It was the most important moment in ouryoung Iives up to
that time!
