Forty Grandchildren
===================

Not even when I was a child of eleven could I ever name or recall ever meeting many
of Grandpa and Grandma Reynolds' forty grandchildren! Their nine children and their
spouses produced that number.

The Rey'nolds'Family Reunions that were usually held at our grandparents' home gave
us all an opportunity to be with many of our cousins we seldom had a chance to see.

There were some great cooks in our large Reynolds family, and every year they tried
to outdo each other with their special dishes. All us kids had to do was eat till we
almost dropped - - miserably too full but happy.

I have never seen such mountains ofdelicious potato salad; and the platters piled
high with golden fried chicken made my mouth water. Looking over at the dessert
table, I quickly spotted Aunt Laylia's famous Banana Muffins. All of us loved those
so much, I knew that when we started filling our plates, I'd better grab one of those
muffins in a hurry, as they always disappeared fast.

All of the cooks had outdone themselves this year. Even the pickles and other
delicacies showed how much time and effort had gone into the preparation of this fine
feast.

As usual, before our feast began, some of my aunts were trying to needle Aunt
Laylia's Banana Muffin recipe from her; but, as usual, she would give her treasured
recipe to no one. W always kind of wondered why she adamantly refused to share it.
She claimed it was her only claim to fame, and she int3nded to keep it to herself. !

Actually, Aunt Laylia's muffins were so moist and sweet, many of my relatives were
often seen trying to trade extra pieces of chicken, etc., for just one more muffin!
There were not many successful trades, however, because each person wanted to relish
eating his or her own muffin at the end of the lavish meal.

Aunt Laylia was known far and wide for her Banana Muffins; and she doggedly claimed
that she wanted her contribution to the yearly reunion to be totally hers.

"It gets harder every year for me to find quality bananas to make my muffins,"
AuntLaylia said to Grandma.

To herself, Grandma said" "Every year,Laylia calls attention to her muffins with this
same sentence. I do wish she would change her tune. Her muffins are marvelous, but I
wish she'd just be happy with the fact that they disappear almost as soon as the
Blessins is said." ￼Kathryn Bush

"Ralph, try not to get tickled,'Grandma said indulgently.

Ralph grinned as if part of a private joke, which it really was.

When everyone was seated at the long outdoor tables, Grandpa said his

eloquent Blessing. He thanked God again for his privilege of being the head of such a
large and successful family. When he finished, everyone said, 'Amen," very softly.
Each knew in his heart how much Grandpa loved his family.

Food started disappearing rapidly from the large bowls and platters. The Banana
Muffins were disappearing so quickly that I barely got one before they were gone.
However, we all knew that Aunt Laylia always had what seemed to be a never-ending
supply in the back of her car! Even that didn't last long.

One thing all of us relatives looked forward to was this fabulous yearly feast, and
we were never disappointed. This year proved to be the finest ever.

For some reason, my parents and brothers and sisters could not be on time for the
Reunion. Grandma had told me that they would be a little late, but she assured me
that she would fill their plates and keep them safely for them.

I heard a car pull up, and I couldn't believe my joy in realizing it was my familyl

Buck jumped out of the car, and, running toward me, actually gave me a big hug! "l
can't believe it, but I really missed you - - a lot!" he said quickly.

"l missed you, too!" I cried suddenly realizing how much. The rest of the family
gathered around me with big grins on their faces. Daddy swooped me up in a big bear
hug, and Mama waited her turn.

After a short time, Irene said impishly, "I never ate so many wishbones in my life!"

Not to be outdone, Mickey added "I never get used to sitting in your place in the
car. I can't see good for Daddy's head."

Wall laughed at the spoof of my favorite piece of chicken and my special place in our
car. Perhaps they were thankful that they had been spared my unfortunate case
ofPolio, and gave me special privileges.

Mama's hug lasted for a few moments, and I could sense she had missed me too. My
oldest brother, Curtis, was far too dignified for a mere hug, so he shook my small
hand with his big one. "You're taking good care of my suitcase, I hope," he said with
a fond twinkle in his eye.

I nodded and smiled.

Mama asked quietly,'Are you all right?"

"I couldn't be better, Mama. I've learned to do so many things. The butter to

go on Grandma's rolls is what I chumed yesterday. I gathered all the eggs for the
cakes and - -!" I said excitedly.

"Slow down, Katie," Daddy laughed. "One would think you d taken over the farm!"

"She did - rather!" Grandpa Said as hejoined us. "This young lady is pretty speciaM
couldn't play the organ without her expert pumping."

I beamed with pleasure.

'And there is not a lazy bone in her body!" Grandma beamed at me with pride.

Mama did not miss that look and was visibly pleased that Grandma and I had developed
a fondness for each other.

"Now, Ethel, you and Charlie and the kids come on and eat this wonderful n4 ￼FORTY
GRAND

food that I've saved for you. Wait much longer and I can't guarantee that one of
those strapping young men might not discover your food and devour it before they
think!"

"I am starving," Charlie said. "That church service lasted much longer than we
expected!" He winked at Grandpa.

Mama looked a little sheepish as she was the one who had insisted they attend church
before they rushed to the Reunion.

The rest of my family ate contentedly - talking to me between bites. Mama said,
"Didn't Laylia make her marvelous Banana Muffins this year?"

Puzzled, Grandma said," As a matter of fact, she did - and they were delicious as
usual." She quickly searched each of their plates and there were no muffins on any
ofthem. She threw back her head and laughed. "Laylia will be very flattered when she
finds out her muffins were so good, somebody ate yours too." Suddenly her face
sobered. "That means someone did a very bad thing. Excuse me - I'll go see if I can
find the culprit."

"That's my Mama!" Ethel said softly.

Grandma walked around seeming to chat with everyone who was relaxing contentedly in
their chairs and visiting with each other.

Suddenly, Grandma stopped in front of Ralph's chair.

"Ralph, may I speak to you a moment?"

"Sure, Grandma," he said as he raised himself to his full height of six foot four.
Now he towered over Grandma, who was a fiery four foot eleven.

When Grandma had Ralph safely out of earshot of the rest, she said hotly, "Ralph, why
did you do it?"

"Do what, Grandma?" Ralph asked with forced innocence.

"Don't play games with me! I see the muffin crumbs you forgot to wipe off your
mustache. I suspected it was you, and now I am sure!"

"But, Grandma, how could you convict me for a few crumbs on my mustache?" Ralph
countered.

"Because I know how neat you are with that fool mustache of yours."

"Okay, I'm guilty. When I saw Aunt EthelS family's plates all lined up, I decided
that if I just took the Banana Muffins off each plate, no one would notice," Ralph
finished lamely.

"But there were so many of them. How could you possibly eat all the muffins? I saw
you eat three of them during our meal," Grandma accused, probably in part because she
was only able to end up with one.

"Well, my eyes were bigger than my stomach. I could only eat three of the muffins I
had taken from their plates, so I carefully wrapped the others and hid them in my
truck. My conscience bothered me but the deed was done and I couldn't return them to
the plates," Ralph added meekly.

"Well thank goodness Ethel and Charlie will get one each, and the children can have
pudding. I saw some of that left. Now run and fetch the last muffins. Ralph, I know
you have a monstrous appetite, but this was unforgivable!"

"I'm sorry Grandma, I truly am. I'll be right back."

When Ralph returned Grandma sent him back outside to get Ethel and Charlie. Grandma
looked down at the delicious muffins. She thought to herself, 'After I give Ethel and
Charlie one each, there will be one left. I can't divide that among the other
children." She stared at the third muffin for a long moment, then

115 ￼Kathryn Bush

quickly popped it into her own mouth! 'After all, I am the greatest fan of the Banana
Muffin - and I deserve it!"

Grandma was barely able to wipe the crumbs from her mouth when the others came into
the room. All that was left was her guilty look!

Deciding to pretend not to notice the crumbs still on Grandma's chin, Ralph said
quickly, "I explained to Aunt Ethel that I could not resist taking their muffins. She
very kindly said that she might have done the same thing if she had been confronted
with so many of those delicious muffins. We agreed that Aunt Laylia has quite a knack
for making muffins."

Ralph raised a tall eyebrow at Grandma, wondering if he should indeed let her know he
knew where the third muffin had gone; but after the fuss she had just raised with
him, he decided against it.

Ralph did laugh to himself - to think that this little Grandma had given in to her
muffin temptationl

Noting that Ralph still had not conholled his silent laughter, Grandma said
sheepishly, "Okay, now you know I'm human, too! For both our sakes, you are going to
have to work that secret recipe for the Banana Muffins out of Laylial I have been
trying for years. If I had the recipe, I could make it more often, and we wouldn't
have to wait until the yearly Reunion." Her face, he realized, was very serious.

'As much as I drop in on you at mealtime, I owe it to you to try," Ralph said.

'After all, I'm pretty persuasive when I make a real effort." Ralph grinned broadly
at Grandma, and he almost picked her up in a comradely gesture, but the look in her
eyes stopped him cold.

"Give it your best shot," Grandma said. She knew if anyone could get her that
treasured recipe, it would be Ralph.

After a nice visit with my family, Grandma was heading toward the house with some
empty bowls. The bowls were swiftly taken from her by a very talL grandson with a
beaming, impish smile as he looked down at her.

"Now what will you think of your Grandson with the overactive appetite?"

"I mean to tell you, I did it! I actually have Aunt Laylia's recipe! It wasn't easy,
though."

Grandma actually glowed with excitement. "Ralph, I can't believe it! I've been trying
for years. There is one ingredient that I have never been able to figure out. I know
all the rest. Let me see it. I've got to know!" Grandma said eagerly.

"Well now, I'm not so sure my innocent little Grandma would approve of Aunt Laylia's
reckless ingredientsl" Ralph teased.

"Oh Ralph, don't keep me in suspense - what is it?"

Ralph handed Grandma the recipe, but said, "You do not have this in your kitchen!"

"Cooking Sherry, huh?" Grandma grinned. "I allow that."

"Try Rum!" Ralph watched Grandma grimace.

"No wonder she kept her recipe a secret all these years!" Grandma added.

She thought for a moment, then said, "Oh well, we've been eagerly Laylia's Banana
Muffins all these years, and ignorance was bliss!"

"Wasn't it ever?" Ralph laughed. "Ralph, do you suppose - - !"

ll6 ￼FORTY GRAND

"Consider it done Grandma, I'll be by on Tiresday. I'll have il then."

"'\ilb'll be having your favorite - counûry fries steak. Why don't you ûry to come a
little earW Who knows., maybe I could get the Banana Muffins made in time for
supper?"

"Itll be here - eround four o'slock. I can get of work early that day''

They were like two oonspirators. but both were outrageously happy to have the famous
recipe for Grandma's files.
