Irene Remembers Terrifying Ride
===============================

After all the Reynolds clan had collected their dishes and said their goodbyes,
Grandma, Grandpa and our family went into the large kitchen.

Grandma asked Grandpa to slice enough Country Ham for supper. She turned to my
mother, Ethel, and said" "You all will stay if I cook Country Ham, Red Eye grary and
hot biscuits, won't you?"

"Will we ever! You know how much I love that ham and I'm teaching my family to love
it, too! I will make the hot biscuits," Mama cried.

"I rather hoped you might. Your father has akeady fired up the stove in anticipation
of your staying," Grandma said happily.

After our large family had consumed every bite of the delicious Country Ham along
with the biscuits and Red Eye grary, we as one went into the parlor to talk for a few
minutes before Mama, Daddy and our siblings would have to drive back to our home in
Gainesville, leaving Buck and me to visit a little longer.

After some idle chatter, Irene wanted to be heard. The look on her face reflected the
seriousness ofthe subject she wished to talk about.

The subject Irene brought up proved to be, as each time it was told, very painful to
our older brother, Curtis. The reason was he had always felt the full responsibility
ofthe inevitable consequences ofthe childish prank he had pulled. In Curt's mind it
was not a prank - he actually believed he could successfully steer our car down that
hill!

"mama had taken a hot dish to a lady in our church who was recuperating from a
serious illness," Irene began, looking at Curt to be sure he would not interrupt and
take her story away from her. 'Anyway, Mama carefully turned the wheels toward the
curb. She threatened bodily harm to any of us who would tamper with the brakes while
she quickly took the covered dish to her fiiend."

"We were on a steep hill, and the lady's house was perched up on an unbelievably high
hill above us. Mama climbed quickly up the steps and the woman was waiting at the
door for her. Mama said, "I can't some in Gladys, I had to leave my five children in
the car, even though I don't think that was a great idea. I hope you enjoy this bean
salad. I raised the beans myself in my small garden."

"Before either lady could continue their brief conversation, our Mama saw out of the
side of her eye in horror that our car was beginning to move slowly down the hill.

"Mama, with seeming superhuman strength, leaped over the banister on the porch,
practically glided over the many steps, and literally ran until she caught ￼Kathryn
Bush

up with the car. Somehow, she managed to open the door and get inside on the drivers
side. She did not panic until she got complete control ofthe car! Before we reached
the foot of the hill, Mama brought the car t a full stop.

"We all stared in amazement and horror as we looked down into the deep ravine,
realizing full well that if our mother had not saved us, we would have all perished
when the car plunged into that ravine!"

Irene had everyone's full attention now and everyone was very quiet as we pondered
what could have occurred ifour mother had not loved us all enough to risk her life
for us.

Daddy rubbed his eyes quickly to hide a quick tear and said, "We'd better be getting
home now. I have a hard day at work tomorrow."

The punishment Curt later received would always remind him never to be guilty of such
a thoughtless act in the future!
