Tornado - Always Remembered
===========================

It was soon after Buck arrived that we decided after we finished our chores, we would
go out and play horseshoes. Buck was looking forward to practicing the tips Grandpa
had given him the day before. Ofcourse, I was still undefeated champion, and he felt
that with enough practice, he just might be able to beat me, at least a game or two.

Just as we stepped outside, it started to rain - hard. There had been no thunder to
warn of the change in weather, and we were not only disappointed" we were surprised
that the cloud had come up so suddenly. Just as we got back inside the house, a flash
of lightening lit up the room followed by a rather loud clap of thunder.

Grandma said, "Why don't you go into the parlor and read until the storm is over?"

"Yes, Ma'am, we said in unison.

We had just settled ourselves down to read for a while when I asked Buck a question
that had been bothering me occasionally ever since I left home.

"When a thunderstorm comes up at home, Buck, does it still disturb Mama as much as it
did right after the Tornado? I know, I still get pretty shaky sometimes when we are
upstairs at night when a storm is particularly bad. Mama and I seem to be the ones
that cannot seem to forget how frightened we were after the Tornado when our fear of
being in another tornado was so acute. Does she still get as scared as I still do
sometimes when they are real bad?"

"I am afraid she does! In fact, Daddy is beginning to feel it might be a good idea to
leave Gainesville with all of its terrible memories of the Tornado. They are going to
discuss all those ideas with you when you go home.

"You knoq as much as I love Gainesville and being with all my friends, it does my
heart good to think that we could move away from the possibility of being in another
tornado," I said" with hope in my voice that I could move with my family where
tornadoes were not a threat in the springtime.

"Buck, did I ever show you the paper I wrote for my English class on that horrible
Tornado? I got an A+ That probably was one reason I made an A in that subject."

"I heard Mama talking about it. After she read that, she agreed that someday you will
be a writer. Do you have a copy with you? It would be a good time for me to read it
with a bad thunderstorm going on!" He sounded as if he was teasing, but when I looked
at his face, I saw that he was not.  ￼Kathryn Bush

"I'll go get the paper, and I'll be right back." I returned quickly and when I handed
my essay to Buck, he took it eagerly as his memory as mine, was still very fresh as
the Monster Tornado occurred only a few months ago, April 6, 1936 - this year!

I watched Buck's face as he read, and it mirrored his own emotions as he read my
account of the horrible storm. When he finished reading, he looked serious and
thoughttul. "This just about says it all," he finally said.

I said, "Do you remember where Daddy was. He was at work; and he saw the storm
coming. As he closed the heavy door, the wind took it right out of his hands and sent
it sailing through the air!" Buck exclaimed.

"Irene told us she was on her way to school, and she stopped at Penney's for a small
purchase. She was in the basement; and the top two stories were blown away. She was
blown against a stove and received a slight burn on her face, but it was a miracle
she was spared' I said.

"You can say that again. Also, Mama said that was the only injury any of us had from
the tornado," Buck said.

"Mickey and the other high school students were led around the downtown area to make
certain they did not see the destruction there. She was so late getting home we
really worried about her, remember?" I said.

Buck said" "Curtis was right there in the middle of things, but he was not hurt. He
wrote that poem later about the Tornado."

"I know he did. He had never written a poem before, but he felt so deeply about the
Tornado's almost complete destruction of downtown, he wrote a fine poem."

Buck said, "I remember Curt said everyone had better enjoy that poem, because he
would never write another one!"

'As you and I both knoq we were standing in front of our house with Mama. When I
looked at that black sky with only the horizon showing, the yellow streak all the way
across was teeming with debris that the Tornado was stirring up in its path. I have
since heard that it was twin tornadoes. I can believe it because that was the most
frightening sight I've ever seen."

"Me. Too. It is a sight I'11 never be able to erase from my memory!" Buck said sadly.

'About once a week, for many weeks after the Tornado, a terrible thunderstorm came -
it seemed about the same time in the evenings. The thunder sometimes rumbled,
reminding me of that horrible sound we heard before the Tornado struck. I hope I
never hear that sound again as long as I live."

"Me too." Buck agreed.

"Anyway, I'll never forget how I cringed each time those thunderstorms came

up. I went into my bedroom many times, hoping the storm would be over soon. Mama was
usually with me, and she was just as scared as I was!"

"I remember, and what you might not have noticed, many times, I was there on the same
bed on the other side of Mama!" Buck declared.

The Tornado was such a frightening, horrible experience I am sure that it will have a
lasting effect on all our lives. The memory will fade through the years, but it was
such a traumatic event for all of us, it will be something we will never completely
forget, as much as we may try," I said sadly.

Grandma came in to tell us that the rain had stopped. We jumped up quickly as we were
eager to play horseshoes, and get the Tornado out ofour thoughts!
