There He Is In The Pulpit
=========================

On Sunday after Buck arrived, Grandpa informed us that we would be riding to church I
Grandma's well-kept-up-buggy.

We were excited as we seldom had a chance to ride in her buggy.

There was still a twinkle in Grandpa's eyes as we pulled into the church yard. He did
not explain but continued to enjoy some private news.

Grandpa observed our faces closely as we accompanied him into the now well-known
Wilson's Church. Only his eyes betrayed his solemn expression.

An usher seated us in Grandpa Reynolds'usual pew. We looked around trying to see why
Grandpa was wearing such a happy but smug expression.

We did not have to wait very long to see the choir director, accompanied by our
seventeen-year-old cousin, Uncle Ed's son, WJ. (I have never known what 'W.J.'stands
for.) We listened while W.J. was inhoduced as today's speaker. Their regular minister
was out of town.

Our mouths were still open with the surprise of this new development. We had heard
only this week that WJ. had decided to dedicate his life as a minister. What a great
opportunity for him to be asked to speak todayl

Our attention was glued to the pulpit all during W.J.'s very serious speech. The
subject he had selected held the congregation's interest as well. His topic was
"Life's Priorities."

At the end of the service, the beaming face of W.J. as he stood shaking hands at the
door (alongside one ofthe Elders) gave us all the confidence that he would become an
outstanding minister who would hold the attention of his future congregatlons.

I said to Buck as we walked down the steps, "Did you see Gertrude and Louise in the
choir? I didnl know either one sang in the choir."

Buck said" "Uh-huh. Gertrude winked at me and Louise smiled real big."

"With forty grandchildren, our cousins are apt to turn up almost anywhere around
these parts!"

"You can say that again. Hey, I was real proud of WJ. He's going to make a good
preacher."

"l think so, too," I said.

Grandpa gathered us back into the buggy. We were almost a little disappointed Grandma
would not let him speed home. However, we leisurely talked about how proud all of us
were of W:J. and his sermon.  ￼
