Whose Surprise?
===============

Grandma had hoped Raymond and his family would be at the church in time to hear W.J.
preach. Howeveq they had been delayed and drove directly to Grandma and Grandpa's
house. They probably went to church first like our mama always does.

Grandma prides herself in preparing most of her Sunday dinner on Saturday afternoon,
so that when they return from church on Sunday, all she has to do is heat most of the
meal on her massive wood stove.

It doesn't take Grandpa long to fire up the stove. He loves to eat and a pleasant
display of food to look forward to spurs him on.

Buck and I set the table carefully and we were also anticipating eagerly one
ofGrandma's Sunday dinners. Back then, the dinner was served on Sundays in the middle
of the day always after church in our grandparents'home.

We had just settled down waiting for Grandpa to ask the Blessing when we heard a car
drive up near the well.

Grandma said happily, "Why - it is Raymond and his family!"

On a side table, Grandma had placed four more plates in case her invitation to
Raymond by letter last week was accepted.

Uncle Raymond Marilee, Edress and Gloria came into the house. Greetings were
plentiful; and finally more chairs were put around the large table and the extra
places set.

Grandma quickly put the food into serving dishes; and at last sat down for Grace. She
surprised everyone by saying, "Raymond, your family has not been here in so long, why
don't you say the blessing?"

Raymond was shocked but he meekly said he'd love to. It was a short but effective
Grace; and it especially covered the feast Grandma had prepared. Edress said to Buck
and me, "How long have you been here?"

Buck said, "I've been here less than a week, but Katie has been here about three
weeks."

"I guess Grandpa has taught you how to play horseshoes by now?" she asked.

"He certainly has, "I said. "It gives us a fun game top play after our chores are
done each day."

"Enough of childish conversation until dinner is over!" Grandma said, warily afraid
someone would comment on the daily chores.

"Mama invited us to come and help ourselves to the bountiful vegetables and fruit
your farm has produced this sumrner. We were happy she wrote as it has ￼Kathryn Bush

been quite a while since we visited you. Both of you look hale and hearty; and I'm
glad to see you looking so well.

Katie and Buck are tan and seem to be really enjoying their time with you."

"We arel" we answered for Grandma.

"Papa, Austin wrote to me about the wonderful thing you and several of your farmer
friends did for some of the deserving hobos in Commerce. That was one ofthe finest
gestures I've ever heard ofl"

"Those people were so miserable and without direction - just hopping freight trains
to different places in an attempt to stay alive." Grandpa remembered.

"Well, those few who qualified for your generosity benefited greatly. Did you ever
hear from any ofthem later to see ifthey took advantage ofyour help>" Raymond wanted
to know.

'As a matter of fact, I heard from several. Just last week, I heard from John who
went back to Kansas. He decide to put on clean clothes, shave, making his appearance
neat. Then he applied for the job he ad worked at before the Great Depression. Times
were a little better at the grainery where he used to work. His foreman remembered
what a hard worker he used to be and hired him on the spot!" Grandpa said proudly.

"Joe and Harry went back to Atlanta and had a similar success story. It seems
President Roosevelt's efforts to put people back to work with his various programs
are beginning to pay off

"l do expect to hear from some of the other men in time; and the ones I have already
heard from have promised to drop me a note from time to time letting me know how
their lives are going."

"Hey, Papa," Raymond said, "I'm real proud ofyou for what you have done for those
men. I'm sure you and your friends set an example that is sure to be followed by
other farmers across our country."

"We hope so. It gives us all a great feeling to know we helped." Grandpa said softly.

"Now let's eat!" Grandpa said grufily, trying to hide his emotions.
