Fun At Checkers
===============

"Our Gang" was engrossed in taking turns playing Checkers, each in his turn after a
winner was decided. We looked up to see the impish smile of our cousin, Lucile, in
the doorway ofthe kitchen.

"Hi, City Kidsl" she said. "What are you doing playing checkers? Your reputation at
ringers at horseshoes has spread; so I dropped by to heckle you while you play. Here
you are playing checkers instead. I'm on and off champion of this gamel" She selected
her words carefully because she had a vivid memory of a recent rainy afternoon when
Grandma beat her soundly.

"Do you want to play the winner of this game?" I asked, confident it would be me as I
had won the last three.

Lucile had quickly picked up on a new move I was using, and said, "I'11 just watch
for a while. Doesn't your sister, Irene, ever come to Grandma's house anymore?"

"Not in the last few years, "I answered. "She is involved with her friends and our
church, so she doesn't want to take the time from her activities.."

"Then where is Mickey this year?" Lucile persisted.

"Mickey wanted to take a summer photography course," Buck joined in. "She is even
learning to develop her own film herself. She finds that fascinating!"

As Woody had before her, Lucile found it hard to believe that Mickey would allow any
interest at home to come before visiting her beloved grandparents. Lucile suddenly
looked out the window she was near and said, "Oh, no, it can't be time for W.J. to
pick me up already! I just got here."

With a bright smile on her face and a quick wave at us all, Lucile bid us goodbye,
promising to come by again before our visit was over.

"Good to see you," I said. "Tell W.J. to stop by, too, if he can." "Will do," Lucile
promised and disappeared out the door.  ￼
