All Eves On The Road
====================

Cary, Mary, Buck and I were busily engaged in a game of double horseshoes when we
became acutely aware of a speeding car. We looked up to see the usual cloud of dust
created when our Grandpa tore down the old dirt road at his usual breakneck speed.

As one, we ran into the yard to greet our Grandpa when we noticed he had a lone
passenger. It was our cousin, Nolan, who jumped quickly down, we assumed, to speak to
Buck and me, since we had not seen him so far this trip. We noticed his rather pale
face; and we realized instantly that Grandpa had given even him quite a scare! Nolan
was the only cousin who would ride with Grandpa on a regular basis; so we waited to
hear the event that had frightened him so.

After exchanging greetings, Nolan explained hurriedly that Grandpa had not spotted a
huge rock in the middle of the road. When he hit it, they were thrown into the cotton
field. Still expertly handling his cart at full speed" Grandpa managed to at least
get his vehicle back on the road.

Visibly shaken, but stubbornly unable to admit his error, Grandpa muttered. 'Almost
turned us over that time!"

Nolan was too surprised to answer. They rode in silence the rest of the way to
Grandpa's farm.

I believe Grandpa was glad Nolan hopped out quickly as it seemed to give him a chance
to wave to us briefly and rush into the house. All of us were sure he wanted to tell
his story to Grandma himself before Nolan had a chance to give his version.

We had decided to play Monopoly since Nolan joined us, so we went into the kitchen to
play on the large table. It was about an hour before Grandpa appeared in the doorway.
I declare his hat looked at an even cockier angle than usual; and he smiled fondly at
us all.

"Well, I have to get back to Commerce have a lot to do before night on the house I'm
finishing up there. After all, when I put my name on the corner of a house, it has to
meet my standards.

Nolan rose to the occasion and went over and took Grandpa's hand. "I wish I could
ride back with you, but I am right in the middle of this Monopoly game and I seem to
be winnins."

Grandpa grinned down at Nolan behind his bushy mustache and they gave each other a
definite look ofmutual understanding.

Wall stood at the door until Grandpa's car was enveloped by the red dust.  ￼
