Sleeping Profits
================

It was on an afternoon that Grandma was upstairs and buck had decided to go over and
play marbles with Cary that Woody walked over to keep me company. It was such a rare
occasion that I decided to discuss with Woody a subject that had been on my mind my
whole trip.

"Why doesn't Grandpa spray his trees and take advantage of the paper shell pecan
market, so that he could make the exha money?"

"He stays so busy. I guess he thinks that eventually Austin will have time to get
that job done," Woody said, a little surprised that such a subject could possibly
interest me.

"I am interested for several reasons. One, I love paper shell pecans, and for the
last year or two there have been none here on Grandpa's farm. I asked him the reason
and he explained that they have to be sprayed in order for them to produce. I tried
to understand why some other crops would come before the pecans, and I an afraid I do
not really understand. If they are so high in food value, why hasn't Grandpa noticed
the value to people who need the nourishment these hard times?"

"IO guess it is just one of the last areas to explore in order to make a farm nrn
successfully," Woody answered thoughtfully. She also was one who loved the paper
shell pecans and I could tell she would be very happy ifGrandpa would take the
necessary steps to make them a successful part of his farm, "Corn is good, but one of
my teachers taught us that pecans are far more useful in giving us a balance diet."

"Maybe if I talked to Austin, he would be able to convince Grandpa pecans could help
both our diets and the farm income" I said sincerely.

"lt wouldn't hurt to try," Woody finished.

"Speaking of trees, do you remember last summer when we climbed Grandma's prize
cherry tree?" Woody said with amusement.

"I certainly do. We scrambled down the cherry tree when we spotted Grandma coming.
Except Mickey. She was too far up the tree to escape."

'And when Grandma was frustrated to find only Mickey up in the tree, she had to spank
her - even though she was her favorite grandchild." We laughed heartily at that fact.

"Did you ever stop to consider that maybe Mickey was the only one who did not try to
pull any pranks on Grandma?" I asked.

"You may be right,: Woody agreed. "l'd better get on home and help Mama with supper.
I'll send Buck back. It's been fun!"

"For me. Too," I agreed.  ￼
