Swinging Grandma
================

One afternoon, Buck and I returned from playing Monopoly with Cary and Mary. We had
been successful in winning today. Buck came in first, and I came in second. Mary was
not pleased as she had thought, right up to the last of the game, that she would win.

As we came around the front of the house, we saw Grandma swinging slowly back and
forth, in the wide swing Grandpa made for her years ago.

Grandma saw us and smiled, "If I had a dollar for each swing I've gone back and to,
I'd be a very wealthy lady. All of my nine children were rocked gently in this swing
until they drifted off to sleep. I always enjoyed swinging more than rocking. I'm
afraid you have caught me swinging and reminiscing about the many miles I have moved
in this old swing."

Buck asked, :Did you swing our Mama in this swing, too?"

"Indeed I did. She took extra time because I honestly believe she enjoyed the ride!"
Grandma smiled.

"That's our Mama!" I said with affection, "She always likes to ride - even now."

"Grandma, "Buck said, "Remember when Woody recalled the story about when she and
Mickey climbed up in your cherry tree? Mickey was left high and dry in the top when
you came and made them climb down. Woody said you had to spank Mickey as she was the
only one you could find."

Grandma remembered unhappily.

"Mickey was no more guilty than Woody, but I had to discipline someone. If I hadn't
shown up in time, I'd have never had enough cherries left for my Sunday pie!"

Buck and I had to suppress a giggle at the thought of Grandma spanking Mickey, her
very favorite grandchild!

I said, "Grandma, while we are talking about trees, I'd like to ask you about those
Japanese Walnut trees Grandpa planted so many years ago. I believe you have two
trees. I am fascinated at the shape ofthe nuts -just like a heart. I have never seen
them before, but they really are good. They almost always come out whole when you
crack them."

"There is really not much to tell, but I'll go on record right now as saying they are
my favorite nuts. Years ago, when your Grandpa built our house, he wanted to be sure
that we had a variety of fruit and nut trees. A man at the nursery where he bought
all the trees told him about a new kind ofwalnut hee.  ￼Kathryn Bush

He said he had just planted three of such trees in his own yard. The idea of such a
rare nut tree appealed to your Grandpa,. And he purchased the last two trees the man
had on hand. When he got them home, I said to him, "Now what possessed you to buy
such scrawny trees?"

"He laughed and said, 'They may be scrawny now, but the man showed me a picture of
some grown trees and they grow to be huge. I'll just give them a little extra care,
and they will be fine."

I said, "He must have really given them a lot ofcare because they are now some of the
largest trees on your farm."

"They are the best tasting walnuts I've ever eaten," said Grandma.

"You sent us a few last Christmas, and we practically fought over them," Buck said.

"Maybe next Christmas, I can manage to send you enough so that everyone can enjoy
them," Grandma said.

"Since neither of you have legs long enough to help with the swinging, mine are
getting a little tired. Let's go in the house so that I can start supper." Grandma
flashed a fond smile that included both of us.
