Premium Watermelons Sell First
==============================

Buck and I were competing at horseshoes when we heard Austin approaching in Grandpa's
wagon, He stopped the horses when he saw us. ,.Hey, Kids." he called to us. "l'm
taking this load of watermelons to the market in Maysville. Would you like to come
along?"

"That would be great!" we said at the same time. .,We'll have to ask Grandma," I
said" and without hesitation, headed for the kitchen where Grandma was snapping pole
beans.

"Grandma, Austin wants us to ride on the wagon with the watermelons he is going to
sell at the market in Maysville. Please may we go?"

"Of course, but be careful to keep your balance on the melons. That wagon is really
loaded."

"We'll find ourselves a comfortable safe perch and we'll be fine," I said. "Thanks,
Grandma," Buck said.

We had just passed the barn when two mischievous heads appeared from

behind part ofthe watermelons. cary and Mary laughed at our astonished faces! We did
not know that they were coming, too.

Austin grinned and said, "Those two imps usually help me unload Grandpa's melons.
Now, I'm fortunate enough to hire four helpers instead of two. I pay two cents per
melon. Are you interested?" He looked at me and Buck.

'Are we ever!" Buck exclaimed excitedly. I added, .A wagon ride and pay, too! That is
super."

All of us chatted happily all the way to Maysville. Austin seemed to have something
on his mind, so he let us do most of the talking. After all, he is the overseer of
Grandpa's entire farm and many times he said he uses the wagon transit time for
thinking.

As we approached one of the two Farmers'Markets - the largest one - Austin slowed the
horses as he noticed John Matthers waving franticaliy for us to stop. 'Austin, have
you made any definite commitments for that load of melonsi"

he asked hopefully.

"Not yet. Jerry at the other market always buys whatever we produce," Austin said
quietly.

"Darn, those are fine looking watermelons! They look better than any I've seen all
season. Tell you what - I'll give you ten cents more per melon than you could get
anywhere else. Is it a deal?" John asked anxiously.

Austin rubbed his chin with his hand. ..But, John, I'm afraid Jerry may be counting
on getting this load." ￼i'W.

have Coke and a candy bar. Too, with all the money we've earned,"

Kathryn Bush

John said firmly, 'All right, I'll give you twelve cents more per melon, but that is
as high as I can go and still make a small profit'"

Austin knew John's reputation for never getting the short end ofa deal, but he
realized he must take advantage ofJohn's offer.

'All right, John. It's a deal. You won't need to furnish anyone to unload the wagon.
I have four eager helpers I brought with me.

..That's great. My helpers are at lunch just now, so your kids will speed things up

considerably."

John was pleased with his bargaining efforts.

Like clociwork, us four kids unloaded the large wagon with no breakage at

all. Both Austin and John were very pleased with our efforts.

John paid Austin the agreed price and we all got into the wagon. We expected

Austin to take us to the general store so that we could spend part of our money on
candy and the like. Instead he pulled up in front ofthe Palace Theater'

It's been hard for me to keep this surprise, but a new Shirley Temple movie is
playing at this theater starting today and here we are!

- -..I ileared permission with Mom and Grandma, so we will have a real treat

ahead ofus.

"Now just this once. I am going to pay you each an extra penny per melon

since I recèived a bonus, too. At three cents per melon, you should be able to pay
your admission and eat popcorn to your heart's content!"

"I've never been able to get enough popcorn' so now I'll really enjoy mine!" Cary
declared.

"un Mary wisely said.

':You certainly can, and you will still have a little left over," Austin informed

them.

.Austin, after the movie. can I stop at the store for a minute to get two spools of

light blue thread? I'd like to surprise Grandma with those'"

Austin was touched that I wanted to spend some of my hard earned money to

take a little gift to Grandma.

In the back of the wagon, on the way home, Austin heard the familiar chatter

heT noticed on the way top Maysville. He was turning several problems over in his
head. Suddenly, he became aware that the talking had ceased. Puzzled" he turned his
head to see what was going on back there. He was astonished to see four very tired
children fats asleep on the hay that had cushioned the watermeions. Austin smiled and
decided they had certainly earned their rest.

Grandma was waiting on the porch and was rather concerned that she saw none of the
kids in the wagon with Austin.

To relieve her anxiety, Austin called to Grandma, "They are all sleeping peacefully
on the hay."
