Fotch Has Good Eve
==================

The tension ofthe horseshoe game had reached a high level when we became aware that
we were being watched with some interest. Cary, Mary and Buck and I turned around to
face our cousin, Fotch. We did not even know he had come to see us.

A little embarrassed that he had heard us squabbling a tad, we ran toward him to
greet him.

Fotch said with admiration, "Buck, one day you are going to give Katie a run for her
money. I've heard how she even beat all the men at the Reunion this year." Buck
grinned and said, "Katie told me some of the tricks Grandpa taught her,

and my ringers are more often now."

"Grandpa's the Pro all right!" Fotch stated proudly.

"How about trying to beat me in horseshoes? I seem to be the champ today -

at least the last two games," Buck said.

Mary and Cary had listened with some interest, waiting until we had a

chance to "visit" a few moments with the cousin we had not seen in a year. Fotch said
quickly before throwing his first shoe, ,.Mama found an old picture in her trunk the
other day. It looked like a Rogues' Gallery. lt was probably taken at a Reunion at
Grandma's house about I 923 L The only ones vou would recognize are your brother,
curtis, in that cute little outfit Auni pttret iraa made for him. Also, Irene stood
next to him. Grandma and Grandoa were on either end of the front row. Somehow,
Grandpa did not look quite ai tall as six foot three, and Grandma did not look as
short as four foot eleven. Maybe

Grandma had not developed Osteoporosis at that time."

"What the heck is that?" Mary wanted to know.

"I'm not sure - but I heard Mama talking about it to a friend the other day. It

sgunde{ like it makes you shorter." Fotch ended lamely, but was very pleâsed that he
knew about something they did not know.

"I sure hope I never have that!" I said.

"I'm sure it would never dare to attack me!" Mary said strongly without thinking how
it sounded!

Buck said a little shyly, "Males do not have that terrible disease, do they?"

"I don't know, but I hope not!" Fotch said emphatically. .,Now let's get on with the
game."

The tips I had given Buck paid off, and he remained champion for at least another
hour before my persistent ringers became too much fore him.  ￼Kathryn Bush

After a while, all of us became bored with horseshoes, so we turned to Fotch.

"I see you still keep your sling shot in your back pocket," observed Buck' "Why don't
you show us how great you are at shooting it?"

"Yeah, Fotch!" we all joined in.

"I just practice a lot," Fotch said, pleased.

'A larkjust landed on that fence over there. Can you hit it?" Cary wanted to

know.

"That's too easy, "Fotch said. "How about that squirrel sitting a distance

away. We were convinced he couldn't hit anything that far away with a mere sling

shot.

Fotch quietly took his sling shot out of his pocket and with what seemed like

one motion aimed at the squirrel and killed it with a single shot!

"That will be part of my supper. I never kill anything just for the fun of it,"

Fotch said, carefully replacing his simple weapon in his back pocket.

We were a little ashamed that we had asked him to shoot anything alive. We

should have found an old can to place on the stump.

Cary did produce a can; and we encouraged Fotch to try to hit several times'

He never missed! It was truly anazing to watch!

Grandma called from the kitchen to invite us in for cookies and milk. They

were sugar cookies like she was teaching me how to bake'
