Peach Pickin' Time
==================

Right after breakfast, Austin stopped by to tell us it was time to harvest the ripe
peaches.

"I'm going into Commerce to pick up as many of your cousins as I can round up. I'll
be back here about 9:30 or l0 o'clock. I really need you two to help also. You did a
fine job with the watermelons. Interested?"

"I am!" I said eagerly.

"Me, too!" Buck matched my enthusiasm.

We remembered how fair Austin had been paying us per melon. He couldn't

pay per peach, but maybe per basket.

"Great. Please be ready when I get back with the others and we'll start right

away!"

As Austin drove off in the large wagon, we looked to see if Mary and Cary

were hiding as before, but wagon was empty.

We turned to go tell Grandma of our chance to earn a little money today. She

was smiling as we entered the kitchen.

"l heard. Those peaches are just ripe for picking; and you should be able to

earn at least another trip to the movies." Grandma smiled at me, probably remembering
the two spools of thread I had also bought for her.

"That's what we were hoping," Buck said.

"I can already taste that good popcorn," I added.

It was a quarter of ten before we saw Grandpa's wagon in the distance. As it came
closer, we started counting and identi$ring the heads belonging to our cousins in the
area.

"I see Steve and Willard Carl," I said quickly.

"There is Nolan and his brother, C.E.," Buck said.

"Camp is in there, too. He must have walked to Commerce early this

morning!"

"He must have," Buck said.

"What about Mary and Cary?"

"Yeah, it wouldn't be as much fun without them," Buck said, a little

disappointed.

A teasing voice from behind us said, "Not to worry! We are here."

"We couldn't miss that movie money. Besides picking peaches is fun!" Cary

added.  ￼Kathryn Bush

It took us several hours of hard work and much cooperation among ourselves, but
finally all the ripe peaches had been gathered safely and were in the baskets in the
wagon.

"Where do you guys sit on the way home?" Buck wondered.

They laughed and Nolan said "It's only a three mile walk back. That's part of the fun
to walk back together."

"Yeah," Said Steve. We skim a few stones, scare a few frogs, andjust enjoy talking as
we take pour time getting home."

Willard Carl said, "We also plan what movie we'll see with the money we earned. After
we've worked that hard" the movie had better be a good one!"

C.E. said, 'A new Western is coming to the Palace next week."

Nolan said, "Good idea, but we'll check them all out!"

Austin offered to us who were visiting or lived near Grandma's house, "I'll

take you into town for your movie when you decide. I'11 be taking a load of
vegetables into market, and you can climb aboard."

To the boys who lived in and near Commerce, Austin said, "If all of you want to go to
the movie together, we'll work it out. Now, here's your money. You all did a fine
job."
