Lunch - Kids' Style
===================

Thursday was always a slow day for chores and Grandma was always more willing to
listen to our suggestions. Early on, she had agreed for us to have our cousins -
Mary, Cary and Woody over for lunch. We insisted we make the lunch ourselves - Buck
and I. At that point, egg salad sandwiches were not only our specialry but the only
ones we knew how to make.

With a twinkle in her eye, Grandma produced still warm eggs - enough for our lunch.
She had boiled a dozen earlier when the wood stove was hot. She also put some fruit
on the table to go with our sandwiches.

"Grandma," I said excitedly, are the figs ripe already? I love those."

"Yes, just yesterday, I was able to pick a few," she said proudly. 'All of this fruit
comes from our farm. You may remember my telling you that years ago when your Grandpa
built this house for us, he planted many fruit and nut trees." Buck said" "I know
they are not nut trees, but I really like the Scuppernongs and Muscadines."

"Me, too," I said. "the sweet Scuppernongs are my favorites."

"Everyone loves those, but, for some reason, Mary prefers the Muscadines. They do
have a rather distinctive flavor."

"Grandma," I said, "I've made lemonade several times. Do you think that would be good
with our lunch?"

Without hesitation, Grandma said, "That would be great. Since you kids have your
plans so well in hand I believe I'll go upstairs and rest for a few minutes before we
eat. What time did you ask your cousins to come?"

'At noon," we answered.

"Then you have plenty of time to prepare," Grandma said and disappeared toward the
stairs.

The "fancy lunch" turned out pretty nice considering my young age ofeleven and Buck's
even younger age ofnine. We stood back and enjoyed our handiwork, complete with
napkins and probably unnecessary silverware. It made the table look festive though,
particularly since Grandma had allowed us to use one of her tablecloths.

We still did not have any dessert, but I knew it was useless to ask Grandma to let me
make some fudge. I had learned how this Spring at home. Her favorite granddaughter,
Mickey, was the only one Grandma would trust with her hoard of sugar. She could not
take the chance the rest ofus would waste any ofthe sugar she hoarded carefully. Oh
well, the stove was not hot enough by now anlnvay.  ￼Kathryn Bush

Buck said, "Why don't we look in the pantry for at least some Graham crackers?'

"Great!" I said, "l think she always keeps a supply of those."

Passing by Jello (which also requires a hot stove), we finally located an unopened
package of Graham crackers.

We looked at each other questioningly. Would Grandma care if we opened a new package?
Quickly, we decided she would not, especially since we were having company.

I went down to the cellar and cut offenough butter (carefully rewrapping the
container) so that we could spread that on the crackers.

"Do you think some of the fig preserves with the butter on the crackers would make a
good dessert?" I asked Buck.

"l do!" he loved the preserves as much as I, and we could not imagine why it would
not please the others. It never occurred to us that this might be the last jar ofthat
delicacy.

Woody came in first, followed by Cary and Mary. Was it my imagination, or did they
dress up a little for this occasion?

Woody said, "The table looks great! Did you kids fix this all by yourselves?" "We
certainly did. And it was fun!" we answered.

Mary said, "lt does look good. The only thing is how did you ever talk

Grandma into letting you use her last jar of fig preserves?"

Buck and I looked at each other in horror. "How could we possibly know that

was her lastjar?"

"If you had looked more carefully," Cary sai( "You would have noticed it

was your own mother's label on that jar."

I cringed as I looked. Mama alwaTs made sure she sent Grandpa enough of

her outstanding fig preserves to last until she canned them the following season. All
of us loved her preserves made from the two huge fig trees at our home in
Gainesville. Grandpa more than loved the delicacy, he seemed to require them! Without
thinking, Buck and I had spread the preserves lavishly on the Graham crackers to
create a special ending to our fine lunch.

How would Grandma react to what we had innocently done? We didn't have to wait long
to find out as we suddenly heard Grandma coming down the stairs. Buck and I braced
ourselves for whatever Grandma would say. Grandma

walked into the kitchen with a pleasant smile on her face.

"My, what a lovely table! You two have outdone yourselves' I can hardly wait until I
taste what you have prepared."

As Grandma looked around the room, she observed our faces - one and all - and she
added sweetly. "What a delicious looking dessert! You are so used to your mother's
fine fig preserves, you must have known what a delicious touch they would make to
your dessert. I'm proud of you both, Now - let's eat!"

The looks of relief flooded both mine and Buck's faces. What class Grandma could
exhibit when she chose to!
