Top This One!
=============

After lunch, we all cleaned up the kitchen in short order, but well enough to pass
Grandma's inevitable inspection. We had told Grandma we would take care ofthe kitchen
duty; and we all insisted she go back upstairs and finish her rest period.

Since Woody was here with the twins today, we decided to go in the parlor with our
second glasses of lemonade. We had asked Grandma's permission before she went
upstairs.

We decided it might be fun to see who could tell the most interesting story that any
of us could remember.

Woody started off, since she was the one who suggested the stories. "Uncle Ed had to
ride on the running board so that he could hold the bag in place on Grandpa's car.

"Uncle Ed yelled to Grandpa, "Slow down around that next curve, Papa, or you will
throw me offwith this bag of seeds. We will land right in the ditch."

"Ofcourse, Grandpa did not slow down, and Uncle Ed and the bag ofseeds landed smack
in the ditch, as Uncle Ed had feared. Fortunately, he landed on some soft red dirt,
and the bag of seeds landed an bout twelve feet from him, spilling some of the seeds
in the ditch.

"OK. That's my story - who's next?"

"I have a good one," Buck said.

"There is an old haunted house a few blocks from our home in Gainesville. A

lot ofour mothers had told us never to go there as the house was not safe. One day,
wejust had to go in and see what was so bad. Everything looked dirty and spooky. One
boy discovered a well on the inside back porch. Slowly, we all gathered around the
dilapidated well which was partially open. All of us took one good look and we turned
and ran as fast as we could toward the front door! It was awful! When we got outside,
we realized could have fallen into that old well, as the boards around it were old
and rotten. I've never been more scared and I'll never go in an old house that has
been condemned again! !" Buck almost shivered with the memory.

"I was there. Too. And that story is hard to beat. I don't even like to think about
it," I said.

"My story involves the time I disobeyed Grandma's orders not to go into the barn
alone. This happened the third day of my visit alone, and I'm sure Grandma has not
told you this story as it involves only me." ￼Kathryn Bush

"What is it?" Mary asked with real concern. They were not allowed in the barn without
adult supervision either.

Well, Grandma had already gone upstairs to rest, and I was very restless, so I did go
down to the barn. It is so big and scary when you are in there alone. Especially
since Grandma had told me not to go. After I got inside, I saw Nellie Belle, but she
gave me an irritated glance and went back to her oats. I went over to pet her, but
changed my mind, as she did not appear too friendly. After I looked over at the cow
and got the same unfriendly look, I decided to come back another time when Grandpa
was with me. I turned toward the large barn door. I was almost to the door, when a
dirty hand clamped over my mouth and a hissing voice warned me to be quiet. Another
grimy hand clamped my ann until it hurt. I looked up and recognized the dreaded
teenager from down near the covered bridge. He was not only dirty, but he had a snarl
on his face.

"Don't cry out or you'll be sorry," he said in a mufiled voice.

"I don't see how I could cry out, as his hand was so tight over my mouth. I did
squirm though, because his hand on my arrn really hurt."

'About this time, the huge barn door srffung open; and a fiery Grandma appeared!

"Get your filthy hands offmy granddaughter, Jeb! You have been told to stay off our
property. Now get out of here! The next time I see you, I'll call the sherifï!"

"Jeb had a dark leer on his face, but he moved quickly as he knew Grandma would call
the sheriff in a minute. He was in enough trouble with them already, so he broke into
a slight run to reach the dirt road."

"Wow!" said the twins. "That beats an1'thing that happened to us," said Mary. "We
were going to tell about the bull when we dammed up the creek, but what you went
through was awesome!"

We decided on a game of Monopoly on the kitchen table. This was a better way of
spending the two hours we had left. Any one of us could win as all of us loved this
game.
