Not So Pale Anymore
===================

At the beginning of Buck's second week of visiting Grandma, she came out in the yard
where Buck and I were playing marbles.

"Buck, you're pretty good at marbles! Katie is a whiz at horseshoes. What I think is
great is that each of you is willing to play these games, anyway.

"I notice, Buck, that you are not as pale as when you arrived. It took Katie a week
or so to overcome being pale and a little week. That Scarlet Fever and Whooping Cough
that all of you kids suffered through in the Spring really took the starch out of you
for some time.

"Ethel showed me the pictures ofeach ofyou on the horse. You both looked so peaked I
wanted to cry. Now you look great. This country air is hard to beat!,, Grandma
finished with pride.

"Now you go wash your hands after you finish that game. I want you to ride in the
buggy to Maysville with me." Grandma gave me an elaborate knowing wink.

"We're just finished"' I cried" jumping up to get ready.

"What's the rush?" Buck said grumpily as he wanted to beat me another game.

"You can play again after we return," said Grandma.

Austin had stopped by a few minutes before to water his horse. He had Nellie

Belle hitched up to the shiny buggy. If he was nearby, he usually did this for
Grandma.

"That's a fine looking pair of grandchildren you have there, Grandma!" Austin had
said when he saw us playing marbles a few minutes ago. ,.1'll stop by later in the
week to talk with Buck. He certainly has grown since last year. He still is not old
enough to water my horse, but I'll bet he'll try. Katie really enjoyed giving Perkins
a bucket or two."

"Noq Grandma, be careful when you unhitch Nellie Belle. you know how frisky she can
be," Austin added.

"Get off with you, Austin! I was hitching and unhitching my horses when you were not
much older than Buck," Grandma said affectionately.

Buck and I came out of the house at the same time, both eager for a ride in the
buggy.

True to form, about half a mile from Grandma's house, she laid a soft whip to Nellie
Belle's back as a signal for her to start the Pony Express run to Maysville. I
anxiously watched Buck's face and found to my astonishment his expression was very
similar to Grandma's - - and Nellie Belle's! Had my favorite brother inherited
Grandma's and Grandpa's - - and Nellie Belle's - - love of speed?  ￼Kathryn Bush

We quickly reached Maysville (it was not more than three miles') Grandma took us in
the general store where she selected several spools ofthread ofvarious colors. She
picked up a couple of cards of buttons that matched the pink thread' but set them
aside mumbling something about buying them later. It was very obvious to me that this
trip to Maysville was purely for Buck's benefit so that he could see Nellie Belle
run. She could really fly!

On the trip home, I expected a leisurely pace from Nellie Belle so that we could
enjoy talking to each other. Instea{ the horse, with a mind of her own, took off like
a rocket. Even Grandma had trouble keeping her under control. Once, Nellie Belle
looked back in Buck's direction and seemed to say, "Watch me. I'll show you just how
fast this horse can move!"

Buck's face mirrored his delight with the speed exhibited by this usually docile
horse.

After quite a galloping run, I breathlessly said to Grandma, "Aren't we near the
blackberry bushes?"

Grandma forced herself to pay attention to the whizzing landscape' "Why yes. They are
coming up on the right. Whoa, Nellie Belle! I mean NOW!" To me, she said, "I brought
a couple ofbuckets along in case any blackberries were 1eft."

I said to Grandma, "lf there are enough blackberries, could we please make some jam
to take back to Mama and Daddy? Daddy really loves that stuff."

"You bet we can. In fact, I'd already thought of that. Buck, have you ever picked
blackberries from the bushes before?"

"No, Ma'am, but I do love the jam, too. Can I pick some of the berries?"

"Indeed you may. In fact Katie will show you how. As for me, after such a naughty run
Nellie Belle took upon herself to do, I'd better rest up, as it is almost time to
start supper."

Grandma visibly relaxed while we contentedly worked at filling our buckets. Ever so
often, we had to taste the quality of the berries, but we still managed to fill our
buckets pretty quickly, as the blackberry crop was very generous this year.

As we neared Grandma's house, I looked warily at the large barn. I couldn't help
remembering my dreadful experience with Jeb; and I also remembered my Grandma
appearing at just the right moment to save me from his clutches' Later, I figured she
must have seen Jeb enter the bam from her window upstairs. I did not believe she
could move so fast, but I'll always be grateful she did!

Buck's question broke into my thoughts. "Grandma, do the hens ever lay their eggs in
the barn?"

"Never!" Grandma almost snapped. She also remembered acutely my recent scary
experience, and did not want us anywhere near the barn. She added more gently, "The
hens always lay their eggs in the henhouse. There are roosts for their sleeping and
rows of nests for their laying eggs."

"Would you like to help Katie gather the eggs tomorrow morning?"

"Oh yes, Ma'am," Buck said excitedly, "I've always wanted to do that."

"Just watch out for that red hen. She actually wants to keep all of her eggs." I told
Buck good naturedly.

"You wrote me about her. I'11 be extra careful." He wondered to himself why the old
red hen would want to keep her eggs.

148 ￼FORTY GRAND

Grandma explained to Buck that the red hen always preferred to hatch her eggs into
baby chickens whenever she could hide them well enough to get by with it.

"You kids have had enough excitement for one afternoon. I'll fix you some iced tea
and you can go into the parlor and rest up while I fix supper. There are some books
in there that should interest you. I shivered involuntarily, remembering the ancient
Bible with the scary piôtures in the book of Revelation.

No sooner than we set our iced tea glasses down on the table, but Buck (as if the
idea was exciting) said to me, "Ion a minute, I really do want to see those pictures
in Revelation, but first, I want to ask you something.

"Is Nellie Belle always like that? Boy! She can really fly!" Buck was obviously
hopeful.

"No, I don't think so. On the way to Maysville last time, she flew all the way there,
but on the way home, she set a nice leisurely pace, and we were able to talk. I'm
sure the run from Maysville was entirely for your benefit. Did you see her actually
look back at you as ifto say, "Watch and see how fast I can really flv!"

"I sure did. I couldn't believe she could move that fast. It was the most exciting
part of my visit!" Buck's eyes were shining.

Buck continued "Since we are in this room, and the old Bible is right there on the
table, I really would like to see those pictures that frightened you so much in the
book of Revelation." He picked up the Bible and handed it to me. ..you can find
things in the Bible faster than I can - with all those Bible drills you have won."

I almost smiled at his words as I was pretty good at the Bible drills, but I was also
aware he really wanted to see how bad those pictures would scare him.

"Oh all right," I said grudgingly, and turned quickly to the first picture.

After we had looked warily at each one, Buck said, "I cannot understand why these
scared you so. They are ugly, but they don't scare me."

"I guess I was just tired when I looked at them and alone. They don't look so bad
now"
