Reverse Retribution!
====================

Buck looked me straight in the eyes and said" "you've been talkine about how Mary
likes to win every game she plays! Have you stopped to realïze just how much you like
to win - especially at horseshoes? of course, you are almost unbeatable, but that
doesn't keep the rest of us from trying to beai you!"

. "Yqy is very good at hopscotch, yet you always try io beat hèr. What,s the point?
I'm very good at marbles, but so is Cary. t'm getting tired of everyone trying so
hard to win. Why can't we just enjoy playing-all of our games together?"

I looked at Buck, marveling at his young wisdom! I considered carefully all he had
said" then I replied, "I truly did not realize I was criticizing Mary foi the
very_faults I am guilty of. Thank you for calling this to my atteition. iMaybe I
should apologize to Mary. ,l really do enjoy having her around," I said sincérely.

Buck grinned and felt he had won a minor battle. "I don't think that will be
necessary. Just don't try so hard all the time to win. All of us would have more fun
if you and Mary would just relax and enjoy the games."

"Mary would probably be able to relax if I did"'I said with some wisdom of my own.

The next day when the twins came over after their chores, I was anxious to put Buck's
new plan into action.

-^ It wasn't long before Mary noticed that I was not putting forth the usual effort
to beat her. she also was aware that I seemed much rn-ore relaxed. My games seemed to
get sharper. That really bothered her so she made a rup..-. effort to relax to see if
her game would improve also.

Buck and Cary observing us, laughed until their stomachs hurt.

M_u.V and I had competed with a vengeance - now, relaxing had proved to .have the
same result. we were still in a tie ôn almost everything -we playedl

Being the fun-loving kids we really were, Mary and I started-laughing at ourselves as
hard as the boys. After all, suddenly the four ofus realizedThatjust playing our
favorite games together was the real fun. Long after Buck and I went home, we would
all remember these carefree days of this-special summer!  ￼
