Mail Call
=========

One morning after Buck and I had finished our chores we decided to go out in the back
yard and compete at horseshoes. Buck had also become very interested in this game,
and he was becoming increasingly skillful at ringers. The game is one of pure skill,
and both of us enjoy trying to excel. I guess that is one of the main reasons the
game appealed to us - me in particular.

"Do you think Daddy will make a place in our yard to play horseshoes? Buck asked.

"I'm sure he will. He had mentioned that several times this year. It doesn't cost
much, and he will understand how much we enjoy playing. By the way, when Grandpa was
teaching you how to play horseshoes, did he mention that Daddy flips his horseshoes
over and over instead ofthe way Grandpa taught us how to furn the shoes round and
round when we throw them?" I asked.

"He did mention that but I couldn't picture how a shoe could go over and over. I
guess I'll just have to watch Daddy when he plays sometime," Buck added thoughttully.

Grandma came around the corner ofthe house holding an envelope in her hand. She had a
big smile on her face.

"It seems your mother has written a letter addressed to both of you," she said.

Eagerly, we tore open the envelope and inside we read a nice note from Mama. Also
enclosed, to our surprise. was an unexpected treat - our big brother and two sisters
had written us a note - each one folded with our names written on the outside. We
were so excited that we were chattering away. Then we noticed in the back ofthe
envelope was a note from Daddy. It said, "you kids have become so interested in
horseshoes that yesterday I installed two poles at the proper distance and bought
four horseshoes just like Grandpa's. Now, when you get home, we'll see if I can beat
one or both of you!! See you soon, Love, Daddy.',

Buck and I just stared at each other in disbelief for a moment. Our wishes had
already been answered!

With another big grin on her face, Grandma pointed to a small cloud of trailing dust
a little distance away. The three of us knew instinctively that it was Grandpal But -
what was he doing home at this time of day?

Grandpa turned into the yard with his usual speed and quickly hopped out of his car,
holding a big bag in one hand.

"Your Daddy called me at my office in Commerce and told me he is coming to pick you
up on Sunday after church." Our mother never ventured (or allowed any of our family
to) anyvhere until after church!  ￼Kathryn Bush

Grandma announced, "I have decided that we need a picnic to celebrate the fine time
we have had on your visit with us this summer! Katie, you and Buck run over and fetch
Mary Cary and Woody so that they can join us. Oh, yes, and ask Marie to come. too. We
will eat about three o'clock It will take me that long to make the homemade ice
cream."

"Mattie, do you think you could whip up one of your famous chocolate cakes for the
occasion?" Grandpa asked ever so sweetly.

"I'll do my best, but we had better make it four o'clock so that I will have plenty
of time. Buck was able to gather thirteen eggs this morning; and this was churning
day, so Katie made fresh butter," Grandma assured him.

"I bought hot dogs and plenty ofpotato chips," Grandpa added.

Buck and I were so surprised and pleased over the prospect of a party in our honor
that we took off for the twins' home with no thought of the danger of a snake that
could be coiled lying in wait for us. I rather doubt if a snake could have caught up
with us anyway, as we moved so fast!

About half-way to Aunt Marie's house, we slowed to a walk for a couple of minutes to
catch our breath. At the same moment, we looked to our right toward the little creek
that we had helped dam up. There on a little hill, just short ofthe cliff stood that
great bull, majestically yet peacefully grazing on the sweet summer grass. Both of us
laughed a little to see him looking so tame' However, below the bull was the
dammed-up creek he considered his private large watering hole.

With our second wind, we approached Mary and Cary who had noticed our arrival with a
pleased but puzzled expression on their faces.

Buck and I wasted no time telling our cousins of Grandpa's party plans. Aunt Marie
and Woody had overheard. The three kids of Aunt Marie were shuffled off to clean up
and change clothes. Her parting remark to them was, "Be sure to brush your hair
neatly. This is a party, remember?"

Pretty soon, the five of us kids were merrily skipping along, with Aunt Marie walking
rather briskly trying to keep up.

Austin would probably drop by later to water his horse, Perkins, and join in our
pa{w.
