Home At Last
============

On Sunday, Daddy drove into our grandparents'yard. When Daddy got out ofthe car, he
didn't even wait to close the door; but he scooped us up - one on each arm. We talked
rapidly like magpies, trying to catch up on the rest of the family.

"Now wait just a minute," Daddy laughed. "Don't talk so fast; and I'll tell you all
about what has been going on at home!"

"To begin with, Mickey has moped around the entire time you've been gone. She really
wanted to stay too. Irene kept her pretty busy, making her join in many ofher various
activities but she never lost sight ofthe fact she felt cheated out of a two-week
visit with her favorite Grandma."

"I'm so sorry she felt that way, She could have stayed" Buck said generously.

"That is good of you to feel that way, Buck," said Daddy. "However, all of us felt
that it would be a fine vacation for the two of you to be with your grandparents
alone."

Buck and I brightened, then asked Daddy a million questions about our family. It
would be good to see all of them and to get back home. Then another feeling reared
its head. We had been having such an exciting, wonderful time, it would be knda sad
to have our vacation end.

I said, "Daddy, when we can tell everyone at home at once, we want to tell about our
experience with the watermelons."

"You couldn't just give me a little hint now, huh?"

"guess we'd better," Buck said. Then we proceeded to tell Daddy all about our story.

Daddy beamed with pride at our working so hard to earn our entertainment money.

"By the way, I stopped at that little store on the way and bought us each a Baby Ruth
candy bar. You can eat them on the way home."

Buck and I eagerly savored our favorite candy. Daddy always stopped at that same
little store. It was sort of a tradition.

Two weeks was the extent ofBuck's very pleasurable visit, but I had been here
practically all summerl How could I say goodbye to Grandma and not see her until
vacation time next year? And Grandpa - I adore him so; and how I will miss our
nightly checker games. And the horseshoes. He had taught Buck to play well, but I
still enjoyed being able to beat Grandpa now and then. I always loved being around
Grandpa and having him call me "Sugar Babe," even though I was ￼Kathryn Bush

well aware he called all of his forty grandchildren by that endearing name. Somehow,
he had a way of calling each one and making him or her feel special! After rather
sadly saying goodbye to both our grandparents, wejumped into

the back seat of Daddy's caq and suddenly felt a pang of homesickness and a longing
to see our family.

Daddy started the car, and we waved to our grandparents as long as we could see them.
To try to cheer us up, Daddy started singing his and Mama's favorite car song.

"Little Mary Fagan

Went to town one day

She went to the pencil factory To get her weekly pay."

Daddy started singing the second verse and asked us to join in. Half- heartedly, we
helped Daddy sing the song we had heard our parents sing what seemed a million times,
but it just was not the same without Mama.

Finally, Buck interrupted by saying, "How is old Spot?'He is the family dog, but the
dog always thought he belonged to Buck alone.

"He hasn't eaten too well since you've been away, Buck. I think he missed all that
extra attention you give him."

Daddy had said just the right thing to bring a big smile to Buck's face. "how is the
'ole cow?" I said - not to be outdone.

"She's giving as much milk as ever! Your mother has had to invent more ways to use
milk with you two away. She even made arrangements to deliver a gallon or two to the
Orphan's Home!"

'Are you kidding us, Daddy?" I asked.

"Yes. I am. but the rest of us have never consumed so much milk in our lives! We'1l
be glad to have you both back home so that you can drink your share."

"That won't be hard for me - I love milk," I said.

"We all know that," Buck teased.

Daddy said "I'll be glad to drink a couple of cups of coffee in the mornings

instead of milkl"

"Now, Daddy, I'm sure you are stretching that story a little."

"Maybe just a little," Daddy grinned.

When Daddy pulled into our driveway at home, all the rest of the family was

waiting on the porch to greet us. Irene had seen our car a block away.

Hugs were rampant and even Curtis joined in. This kind of homecoming was

new to Buck and me because we had never been to our grandparents'house without Mickey
before.

Mickey was so glad to see both of us that she forgot her disappointment and hugged us
both for a long moment.

Mama looked us over carefully and her hug showed her delight in having us home. It
was still just a short time since all five of us kids had suffered with Scarlet Fever
and Whooping Cough at the same time. It had taken time for us all to get our strength
back. Satisfied that we looked extremely healthy and nicely tanned, Mama was so happy
to see us.

"Milk and cookies are in the kitchen," Irene impishly announced. It was true, but it
was yet another way to use the extra milk from our heavily producing cow.

"Be sure and put your dirt clothes in the laundry. I'll wash them in the morning,"
Mama said.

"That won't be necessary," I said proudly. "We washed them all yesterday!,'

Mama threw her head back and laughed heartily. ,.you used Mama's 'Automatic Washing
Machine'. Huh?"

"You better believe it. The first time she washed after I arrived there, I was
horrified that she didn't have a washing machinel" I said.

Buck said, "Grandma let me beat the stains out on that big rock. I really got a kick
out ofthat!"

"Someday, they will have electricity in that rural section, and then all ofus
children can chip in and buy Grandma a real fancy washing machine,,' Daddy said.

Mama looked at me and said softly, "Katie, Mama said that during the past corrple
ofthunderstorms, you awakened but turned over and went back to slèep. I find that
rather wonderful!"

"Yes Ma'am. I finally figured that the storms came so often at night, it was
ridiculous to lose sleep over them. Or - - maybe Grandpa convincèd me the lightning
rods he put on their house really did work!"

Buck and I looked into the faces ofeach ofour family and realized that even though we
d had a wonderful time in the country we were grateful to be home.
