Then There Were Three
=====================

The only real fun I derived from washing dishes was preparing the suds
before starting. After I had worked up what I considered to be enough
suds, I picked up the three oatmeal bowls Grandma had served us soup in
for dinner. She had carefully explained to me that they, along with
three others, had just arrived from the mail-order house. Tonight was
the first time she had used them. Special care must be given in washing
the bowls.

Perhaps the lecture Grandma had given me to use caution when washing her
bowls had something to do with it, as she had made me nervous. I rather
think that, along with my unusally slippery, sudsy hands, did the trick.
Anpvay, as I picked up the bowls they never saw the dishpan - they fell
with a loud sickening crash at my feet!

In the door appeared an instant Grandma - horror and anger all over her
face!

"Young Lady, that's the last time you'll wash my dishes! Now grab the
broom and dustpan from the pantry and clean this mess up!"

My eyes had filled with tears of embarrassment and shock. I just was not
used to Grandma's homemade soap. It took so much soap to work up a
lather that I had used entirely too much.

"Grandma, I am so sorry! Your oatmeal bowls - they just slipped out of
my hands," I wailed. I could tell from Grandma's face that she was
convinced I dropped the bowls on purpose to keep from washing dishes.

"The deed is done, so get it all cleaned up and go in with Grandpa. He
will be playing the organ. When I finish up in here, we'll all sing."
She softened a little.

Grandma muttered something I couldn't make out,
but I did not stick around long enough to find out what it was. I
couldn't believe my good fortune - I really had not broken the bowls on
purpose; but now I didn't have to wash dishes this
whole visit!

Grandpa asked, "What happened, Sugar Babe?"

I sobbed, "My hands were too slippery and the new bowls were heavy. They
just fell before I could even get them to the dishpan."

"I know you did not drop them on purpose; and your Grandma will soon
realize that, too. She is a very fair person. It's just that it took
three whole weeks for the bowls to arrive."

I said, hopefully, "I have some money saved up. Maybe Grandma will let
me buy her some new bowls to make up for my breaking those."

"That won't be necessary. Just try to be extra careful next time - and
there will be a next time after she gets over your breaking her special
bowls. Think on
the bright side - we did get to use them once tonight!" Grandpa smiled
kindly around his large white moustache.

Grandpa started playing the organ softly. He looked at me and said,
"Sugar Babe, would you like to pump the organ for me? I've had a hard
day and it would help me a lot."

I couldn't believe my ears! I had never been allowed to pump the organ
before and I eagerly put a lot of energy into this joyous task. Mickey
or Irene occasionally pumped the organ for Grandma, but here I was
pumping for Grandpa. The broken oatmeal bowls flew completely out of my
mind!

Grandma came in quietly and put a hand on my shoulder. "Katie, you may
select the first song for us to sing."

I was so relieved to be in Grandma's good graces that I chose what I
knew to be her very favorite hymn. We sang with gusto. That first
evening of my visit, we sang my favorites, Grandma's hymns and even some
of Grandpa's Western favorites. It seemed the singing helped all of us
erase the memory of the unfortunate bowls!

Finally, I leaned my head upon Grandpa's arm. I was so sleepy that I
dozed off happily.

Grandpa said softly, "I'll carry her upstairs. Is her pallet ready?"

Grandma nodded.

After Grandpa carried me effortlessly upstairs, they both tucked my
sleeping
form into the comfortable pallet. (A pallet was the forerunner of a
modern sleeping bag.)

Grandma paused, looked back at me and said, "She looks so small as she
lies there asleep."

"That fiery disposition of hers is completely calmed down and she
appears so peaceful."

"I don't have a fiery disposition, Grandpa," I said, rousing enough to
hear what they were saying.

"Would you look at her! I thought she was sound asleep," Grandma said.
"I was," I murmured into my pillow.

"Soon I'll teach her how to churn," Grandma said.

"Don't try to teach her too much too soon, Mattie. She is only a little
girl," Grandpa warned.

The smile on Grandma's face was hard to interpret, but I left Grandpa to
think about it alone, because I had drifted off to sleep where there was
no worry about broken oatmeal bowls.
