Almost Like Grandpa's
=====================

As I walked down the stairs to the kitchen for breakfast, I overheard Grandpa tell Grandma that he
was taking me with him to Maysville today to see the most recent house heï built. He said they were
finishing the wiring, etc. this week.  I heard Grandma agree with him that it would be a good idea.
Good Morning," I said cheerfully. They both looked up and smiled graciously at "Did I hear correctly
that Grandpa is taking me to see his latest house today? That's great! I have always wanted to see
one." I was all excited.  "You are indeed going with me. Grandma has some sewing to catch up on, so
you and I will have a great day together. There is a new small café that recently opened in
Maysville, so we will try that one for lunch. I have had a bunch of sandwiches for lunch lately, so
it will be a nice change. In my line of work, you are not always near a restaurant." "It will be
nice not to prepare a lunch for your large appetite for a change." Grandma winked at her six foot
three husband.  'As soon as you finish your breakfast, Katie, we will be off to the sleepy town of
Maysville." "Yes, Sir!" I cried and started eating my breakfast as quickly as possible. "Slow down,
Katie." Grandma said smilingly. "Maysville won't run off." As we were riding rapidly along in
Grandpa's Model T Touring car, I couldn't believe I d eagerly accepted Grandpa's offer to ride into
Maysville today. His driving made me very nervous, but his offer to show me the house he was
finishing up was too tempting to turn down.  "Sugar Babe, I want to tell you that the house we are
going to see is being built for our new minister. You know we belong to Wilson's Church. This house
is less than two blocks from the church. Wall felt it would be the perfect distance from the church
both for the Minister's family's privacy and the fact that he could just walk to the church without
having to cross that old railroad track, as he would have ifwe had built on the other lot under
consideration.  I was acutely aware that Grandpa never said anything in a few words, but it didn't
matter this morning. Nothing could dampen the fact that I was spending my first full day at the farm
with my beloved Grandpa.  I tuned back in to what Grandpa was saying. "The church voted to use the
plans I used to build our own house. They liked the looks of mine, and in these hard times, it saved
a little money not to have to order new blue prints. I made the ￼Kathryn Bush Parsonage a little
bigger than ours and made a few changes; but it is basically the same." Grandpa said softly
remembering he had built his own house for his Bride.  "I love your house, Grandpa." Grandpa grinned
down at me with real affection. "You're a great Kid'" "Grandpa, when Grandma found out where we
going today, she told me I would probably see Guy and she said he is the electrician wiring your
Minister's house. Isn't he the twins and Woody's brother?" I asked.  "He is indeed. You haven't seen
him in several years, have you? In fact, you haven't been here long enough to see Mary and Cary yet,
but you will see them soon." I was thoughtful. "No, Grandpa, it has been about three years since I
saw Guy. Of course I saw Mary and Cary last summer. I heard that Guy was off learning to be an
electrician." "You are an observant little girl. That is exactly where he was. But noq he has been
working for me about ayearl'Grandpa stated.  "ls Guy a good electrician?" "One of the best. He has
been a great help to me and I have come to depend on him. I can't be everywhere at once, and I know
if Guy is on the job, I can relax a little," Grandpa finished sincerely.  "Last night, when you were
playing the organ and we were singing, I couldn't help wondering why you don't put electricity in
your own home. Now that you trust Guy so much, couldn't he install the wiring for you, Grandpa?" I
asked sincerely.  "Now, hold on, Sugar Babe! I really need Guy right now on the houses we are
building." Grandpa saw the earnest look on my face. "l know reading by lamp light leaves a lot to be
desired. One of these days, I'll make a special effort to modernize our house with electricity and
indoor plumbing. Right noq I stay so busy building other peoples'houses, I really have not found it
too pressing for such facilities just yet. When you live in the country you expect a few
inconveniences." I thought to myself, "Yeah, like the three holer outhouse!" Aloud' I said, "Yes,
Sir." Now Grandpa drove over the steep railroad track and into the yard ofthe new parsonage. I
looked over at Wilson's Church down the way and thought how convenient it would be for the Pastor
and his family to live so close to the church.  Grandpa could stop his car almost as fast as he
could drive, so we were beside the house in no time.  I opened the door and ran quickly to the
corner ofthe porch. Grandpa, surprised, said, "What is it, Sugar Babe?" I didn't answer until I
found the metal plaque which read: Built by: Jasper M. Reynolds June 7, 1936 I said beaming, "Mary
told me last summer that you put a plaque on every house you build, and I wanted to see for myself."
l8 ￼FORTY GRAND Grandpa exhibited a full Grandpa smile and said rather proudly, "Just a quirk of
mine to let everyone know I did my best." "Judging from your house and this one, you should be very
proud"" I said with my admiration.  As we reached the top ofthe new stairs, the front door opened
and Guy came toward us with his hands outstretched. He gave me a big hug and winked at Grandpa.
"Katie, you've really grown since I last saw you." Guy stood back to look at me. "Pretty little
thing, too!" "I grow about an inch or so a year. And thank you for the compliment. You look great
and the same except..." I trailed off.  Guy laughed heartily. "Yeah, I know - except that I have
less hair. Most ofthe Reynolds clan have premature white hair by my age and a full head of hair at
that. I must have inherited genes from my mother's side. At least, mine is not completely white -
what I have left, that is." Grandpa grinned the got serious. "Guy, are you just about ready to
finish up this job? Remember, our Pastor's family is expecting to move in next Thursday." "Yes, Sir.
I should be completely done by Wednesday noon," Guy said.  "That's great. I saw Pastor Martin in the
hardware store earlier this week, and he said his wife is getting anxious to move in." Grandpa had a
twinkle in his eyes as he recalled how anxious his own wife, Mattie, had been to move into their own
house years ago. This one did not have the unique hand molded bathtub he had lovingly fashioned for
his bride, but he had instructed the plumber to install indoor plumbing, so that was a plus.  "Sugar
Babe, come along and I'll show you the whole house. You will be able to detect the minor changes we
made." After we said good-by to Guy, we climbed back into Grandpa's shiny car. Before Grandpa
cranked his car, he turned to me and said, quite seriously, "Last week, I had an opportunity to buy
two prime cemetery lots in Wilson's Church yard - right in the middle of ones many members of our
"Reynolds Clan" have bought. Would you like to see them while we are this close?" Grandpa's face was
solemn.  "Oh no, Grandpa!" I almost shouted. "l don't even want to think of the time when you and
Grandma are not at your house, expecting visits from us all." I was horrified.  "I'm sorry, Sugar
Babe. I didn't mean to upset you. It is just a fact of life and I was able to buy the choice two
lots. Forgive me for being so morbid. Now - remember I have a lot of houses to build" so I plan to
be around a long time. Feel Better?" Grandpa finished lamely. It was not often word ailed him.
"Maybe a little. I know what, Grandpa. Why don't we drive down to Hurricane Shoals instead. I love
to look at that water cascading over the rocks." I said suddenly wanting very much to see the
Shoals.  Grandpa was happy for a diversion and offwe went to spend a pleasant time enjoying the same
Shoals the Indians had been fascinated with so many years ago.

