Fun With Cousins
================

The three of us cousins skipped happily along toward Aunt Marie's house. We were
talking like magpies trying to catch up since we saw each other last summer.
Suddenly, I became aware of Grandma's voice calling me. She motioned to Mary and Cary
to run along ahead and told them I'd ioin them shortly.

The twins hurried on anxious to see their other and sister, Woody, as they had been
at their aunt's for a few days.

"I'd appreciate it if you could be back here by 5 o'clock sharp as I have to explain
to you how to do the churning for me tomorrow morning. I can do that before I get
busy with supper." Grandma said almost sweetly.

I got all excited. "Grandma, do you mean you are reâlly going to let me churn? Mickey
always does that for you. you bet I'll be home by five."

I couldn't quite understand the slight smile and satisfied look on Grandma's face.

"Now run along. Mary and Cary are probably home by now" Grandma turned toward the
house, secretly anticipating her afternoon rest which usually lasted for two hours.

Just past Grandpa's workshop, I stooped down to pick a small bouquet of wild
flowers. I thought Aunt Marie might like them.

Happily I hurried along when suddenly I came to an abrupt halt! In a hole on the
side of the path lay a large snake coiled and ready to strike at me. I screamed at
the top of my lungs even though I was glued to the spot with fright.

I heard Austin's voice yell at me to stay calm and very still. He was on his
horse and coming toward me at a full gallop. When he was close enough, he aimed his
rifle at the snake. All it took him was a single shot! He then scooped me up without
dismounting and headed back toward his home.

April is Mary and Cary's brother and is the Overseer of Grandpa's large farm. He had
stopped by his house for a sandwich before continuing his duties. Lucky for me!

Austin said gently, "That was not a poisonous snake - it just helps keep the rat
population down. Normally, I would not have killed it, but you were so frightened, I
wanted you to feel safe."

I said softly, "Thank you, Austin. I was terrified. All snakes scare me to death."

Austin grinned and said, "Well, we're here now. The kids are really looking forward
to your visit this afternoon. They have elaborate plans to enteriain you."

With a sweep of his hand, he indicated the hopscotch and marble games were all set
up.  "I can't wait!" I said. "Thank you again for coming to my rescue."

Austin's large grin told me I was welcome. After he helped me down from his horse, I
sped toward Aunt Marie and Woody waiting on their porch. I'd already greeted the
twins, but they could tell how glad I was to see them again. All of us looked forward
to our usual games.

We walked inside. The ham sandwiches their aunt had made had been carefully cut so
that all of us could share them. Woody had made lemonade.

We sat down at the large table with a long bench on each side. Aunt Marie and Uncle
Roy had six children in all - four now living. Uncle Roy had died several years ago,
but Aunt Marie had done a fine job of raising her children alone. It helped to be so
near her sister, Flora, and Grandma and Grandpa. Years ago, Grandpa had built both
their houses and he enjoyed their living near him. His large family meant a lot to
him.

Austin insisted on taking me home on his horse. After we got as far as Grandpa's
workshop, I asked him to let me walk the rest of the way. I sorta wanted to check
out the Smokehouse to see all those hams Cary said were always hanging in there.

As I walked slowly along, I observed the back of my grandparents' house, always amazed
that my Grandfather built the house - much of it with his own hands. It looked as if
it would last forever.

I reached the Smokehouse and carefully opened the squeaky old door. After I adjusted
my eyes to the semi-dark room, I saw with wonder that it did indeed contain many hams
hung on hooks. I wondered how many of them were country hams - my favorite!

Just as I was having visions of country ham, red-eye gravy and some of Grandma's
wonderful hot biscuits, I heard the sickening sound of that ancient door closing. I
ran toward it, but I was too late! I was locked in this eerie place and no one even
knew I was in here.

I was getting more panicky by the minute when suddenly I heard Austin's voice telling
me he'd get me out in a hurry. I was filled with relief - how in the world did he
know I was in here?

The door slowly creaked open. Austin poked his head in and said, "I turned around to
make sure you got home all right. Then I saw the old door to the Smokehouse closing
and I took a chance you were inside."

"First the snake and now this! You must think I can't stay out of trouble," I said,
still shuddering at the thought ofhow I might have fared if Austin had not spotted me.

"I don't think so at all," Austin assured me. "You are an intelligent young lady
with an inquiring mind. I'm just glad I saw the door close on you when I did."

"I guess now Grandpa will recognize the necessity to replace that old lock with a new
one. Well I promise you one thing. From now on, when Grandma tells me to be home at
five, I won't go poking around by myself!"

Austin said, "This is a very large farm and too many things can happen if you are
alone. You've made a wise decision. would you like to help me water my horse?"
Austin asked gently. "His name is Perkins. Weird name, but the man I bought him from
when he was a colt had already named him. Sorta suits him," Austin smiled. "Well how
about it? Old Perkins is awfully thirsty."

"I'd like that. May I draw the water from the well, too?" I asked excitedly.

"Maybe next year, after you have grown a little more. That old bucket is pretty
heavy."

Austin carefully placed the bucket on the rim of the water trough so that I could
have the fun of seeing Perkins eagerly consuming the cool water. Being a builder,
Grandpa had planned each detail of his home, even to the larger-than-normal water
trough.

Perkins turned his head after getting his fill of the well water as if to thank me
for my kindness.

"Now that Perkins is satisfied I'll just draw another bucket of water so that any of the
farm hands can water their horses with no delay. I can't draw a bucket ahead for the
workers, because the cool fresh water from the well is halfthe iov of stopping by."

"What's the other half?" I asked impishly.

Our little Grandma, of course. She seems to make extra country ham biscuits and comes
out with some when somebody stops by."

"I didn't know that. How kind of her!"

"She's a great little lady," Austin said with ride in his voice. Our Grandparents had
trusted him with a very responsible job that would allow him to be at home at the
same time. His mother's home is only a short distance away from Grandpa's home. Aunt
Marie is his mother as well as the twins and Woody.

Austin had decided to take this morning break; and he suggested we move to the large
porch swing that Grandpa had built so many years ago.

"does Grandpa own all that land?" I pointed to the rich bottom land near the creek
and beyond.

"Oh, yes. He hired me as Overseer while he is working as a builder in Commerce and
Maysville. He loves to live on this farm, but his real love is building houses. I
really find it a challenge to oversee their large farm. It has given me an
independence that I could not have found otherwise. I truly do take pride in years
with good crops. Grandpa gives me a fair percentage of the income from the farm in
good years, and he takes care ofme in the rare bad years. you can see, it works out
well for both of us," Austin added sincerely.
