Heavenly Aroma
==============

When I forced myself awake, my head was whirling with the events of yesterday. First the snake -
ugh! - then the wonderful fun at the twins' house. I smiled happily before remembering the
terriffing experience of being locked in that Smokehouse. Before I could get too involved in my
thoughts, an aroma I could not mistake filled my nostrils.  "Country Ham!" I cried.  I threw on my
clothes and quickly ran down the stairs to the kitchen.  "Is that Country Ham I smell cooking? M-m-m
and Red Eye Grary with biscuits, too. Oh. Grandma, I love you!" Grandma grinned widely and winked at
Grandpa. "Me, too." She said still smiling.  After eating entirely too much, I said, "I can't eat
enough of this country ham! I love it." Grandpa sai{ "That's another thing we have in common. I
could eat this ham every meal." Grandma said briskly, "Katie, get your hands washed. I have a chore
for you." My heart sank. How could I do chores after such a wonderful breakfast?  Aloud, I said
meekly, "Yes Ma'am." When I had washed and dried my hands carefully, I returned to find Grandma with
her churn for making butter waiting for me.  "Oh, Grandma. Is this my chore?" I had watched my
sister, Mickey, churn the butter many time for Grandma, but this was the first time I'd ever been
allowed to perform such an important task. "I couldn't believe it when you told me yesterday you'd
teach me how to chum." "It's not hard; itjust takes a lot ofpatience to wait until the butter
appears on the handle. I usually read my Bible while I'm churning." Grandma said almost softly.
"Mickey said you have read the Bible all the way through four times! Is that really true?" "I have
indeed. As you know, I raised our nine children and they required a lot of milk. Our three cows
produced enough milk to keep us all healthy. That required churning every day to keep up, and I read
my Bible each morning. Now, of course, with just your Grandpa and me, we need only one cow; and I
chum three times a week." "Do you read your Bible every day anyway?" I asked somewhat timidly.  "Oh,
yes," Grandma said quickly, "I read some each day when I have to go upstairs every afternoon to
rest. My doctor has insisted that I rest for two hours after lunch. I have a tendency for migraine
headaches, and I have found the daily rest keeps me from having them so often." "What will I do
while you are resting? Shall I read the book I brought with me?" I was rather eager to get started
on "Heidi" and welcomed a quiet time to enjoy that. It seemed as if Grandma was going to rest for a
couple of hours every day, and I realized sadly that I should have brought several ofmy favorite
books.  "I still can't believe you have read the Bible so many times. I'm number one most of the
time in Bible drills. You know, we have contests to see who can find a particular verse in a book of
the Bible the fastest. That is easy for me, but I've never read the whole Bible - even once." I said
in awe of Grandma's accomplishment.  Soon, I was churning away, almost too vigorously at first to be
able to have the stamina to last until the magic butter appeared. Grandma had told me the milk she'd
put in the churn was "clabbered" as was required to make butter. It was only later that I learned
what clabbered meant.  As I sat there tiring rapidly, I decided I must churn more slowly in order to
finish my task. I slowed my pace and looked out over my Grandparents' large farm. At least, I looked
at the part I could see from my limited vantage point. I remembered the large barn and the ample
chicken house, to say nothing of the outhouse a distance away. I'd never really get used to the
outdoor "plumbing." Howeveq it was so much fun visiting in the country, I could excuse the lack of a
few modem conveniences!  I looked off into the distance and located Cary and Mary's house. Their
sister, Woody, is my sisteq Mickey's age, lacking a year. Sometimes, all of us had fun together; but
mostly, I played with Cary and Mary, and when Buck was with us, he joined our group.  I looked up on
the hill, and saw Aunt Flora and Uncle Pate's house. I looked carefully, and actually saw a slight
movement on their porch; and I instinctively knew that was Aunt Flora rocking back and forth. I
could almost see her chewing her usual gum and looking off into the distance with a worried look on
her face. Many times I had wondered what concerned her so.  I glanced down at the churn, and
suddenly I saw small bits of butter come up with the handle. "Grandma," I cried. "I see butter on
the handle! It's just like you said. It's small, but I see it!" I was so excited.  "Now you've got
it. It is always so exciting when the first butter appears; and you realize you have created this
yourself. It is worth waiting for." "When can I churn again?" I cried.  "In a couple of days.
Remember I no longer have my nine children at home, and now we have only one cow. I still have to
mile her every day, but I store the milk in our cool cellar. We are able to drink whatever milk we
need and 'clabber' the rest for butter and buttermilk." I was thoughtful for a moment as now I
realized why she always told us at meals to "sip the milk along with your vittles." She was saving
the rest of that generous supply for making butter. Fascinating!  "Grandma, I didnl go up to get my
book to read while I was churning." looked out over the farm and remembered the fun we'd had in past
summers. The time passed very quickly.  "I've always said that with your vivid imagination, someday
you'll be a writer." "Do you really think so, Grandma?" I asked thoughtfully.  "You have the
temperament and the colorful flair for using words." Grandma finished almost proudly.  "Maybe I'll
just start keeping a few notes in the notebook I brought with me. Who knows - someday, I'll be glad
I did." I said and decided that was a good idea.  "It's always fun to keep a sort of diary," said
Grandma. Now let's get the churn into the kitchen. We have to separate the butter from the liquid.
You've not only made butter, you've also made buttermilk.  Grandma expertly (out of long practice)
poured the buttermilk into containers and molded the butter into pats large enough for our daily
use. She solemnly poured two glasses of the fresh buttermilk for us to enjoy.  "Better make that
three glasses, Mattie," said Grandpa. I'm off to work, but I love buttermilk almost as much as
Country Ham." All three of us eagerly drank the delicious milk. I'd never particularly cared for
buttermilk, but I made this myself'! I asked for another glass. Not to be outdone, my Grandpa joined
me.  Grandma was very pleased at my first churning experience. Her plan was working.
