What A Thunderstorm
===================

It was about three o'clock in the morning. I was sleeping soundly on my pallet in a remote corner of
the vast upstairs room. Grandma and Grandpa were asleep in their bed in the opposite corner of the
room. All during the summers, they slept upstairs to take advantage of the cool breezes that wafted
from the large windows in all four sides of the huge room. Normally, it was very pleasant.  When I
heard the tremendous clap of thunder, I was so frightened I instinctively ran toward Grandma's side
of their bed and jumped in beside her! I was petrified and did not wait for an invitation.  Grandma
put a comforting arm around me and said, 'All of our nine children, sometimes several at a time,
used to hop into our bed during a bad thunderstorm. The storms seem so much worse in this large room
with all the windowsl" Grandpa said soothingly, "This one will be over soon, Sugar Babe. You'll
see." With every terrible clap of thunder that was followed by piercing lightening, I burrowed
further down under the covers.  Grandma finally announced" "OK, Katie, the storms all over. You can
come up for air now." I sheepishly emerged from the covers. "I'm so sorry I got so frightened,
Grandma. I guess you are right about all those windows. When the lightening was so bad, it felt like
I was bound to be the next victim." "That kind offierce lightening rarely strikes houses around
here. Remembeq we have several effective lightening rods on our property," Grandpa said trying to
reassure me.  "lf you say so, Grandpa," I said" not at all convinced it could not have struck us in
our beds!  "lf it is any comfort to you, Katie, these really bad storms only happen about once a
month or less during the summer. We have lesser storms at other times that hardly wake us up."
Grandma watched my face to see if I was comforted.  "I'm glad they don't come real often. It's not
like me to come running and jump into someone's bed because I got so scared." "Think nothing of it.
Like I said, all of our children came running to our bed for comfort when the bad storms came. Now
letS try to go back to sleep. We have a big day tomorrow." "Yes, Ma'am," I said and wondered what
chores she had planned for me. So faq Mary and Cary's warnings last summer to me about too many
chores were ￼wrong. Grandrna had helped me do the dishes, shs had let me churn, and she
ha allowed me to gather the eggs, All of these things I really enjoyed especially the churning.
'iVhen ttrat butter appeared on the handle. I was so excited! I was beginning to suspect that I had
better stop listening to my cousins and decide for myself whether or not Grandma gave me too many
chores.
