Am I Really Homesick?
=====================

When I awoke after the horrible thunderstorms that occurred during the night, I
realized, I was feeling a little homesick. I missed my whole family - especially my
brother, Buck. We were very near the same age, and we enjoyed doing so many things
together. I am a little over two years older than he. Grandma and Grandpa had been
wonderful to me, but now I have this miserable feeling that I would rather be home!
Next time, I just won't come alone. Some of the excuses I heard about not coming with
me were pretty weak, anylvay.  I slowly went down the stairs to the kitchen for
breakfast. No aroma of Country Ham this morning! When I entered the kitchen, I saw
three large oatmeal bowls with spoons on the table. Three glasses of milk were
already poured beside the bowls. Grandpa was already seated at the table drinking his
coffee.  "Mornin'," I said not too cheerfully.  "Good morning," Grandma and Grandpa
said in unison.  "Grandpa, I've decided I'm homesick and I'd appreciate it if you
would call my Daddy to come and get me tomorrow after he gets off work. I am just not
used to coming alone. Would you do that for me?" I looked sadly at him.  "Are you
sure, Sugar Babe? I thought we were having a great time together." "I'm having fun,
but I miss all my family." "Well, you have all day to make up your mind - really. If
you still want to go home by tonight, I'll call your Daddy to pick you up. Better
still, I will take you home myself!" Grandpa knew his fast driving scared me.  "Oh
no! That won't be necessary. Daddy can come and get me," I said too quickly.  Grandpa
winked at Grandma. They both knew I would never ride as far as Gainesville with
Grandpa. I had been in his speeding car before - many times! Grandma broke into our
conversation. "Eat your oatrneal, Katie. As soon as you finish, I'll have the churn
all set up for you on the porch. Ifyou finished that last book you were reading, you
may want to get one out of the parlor." "Yes, Ma'am!" I said eagerly. I had forgotten
this was the day to churn. I ate my oatmeal in a hurry and soon had my book. I was
all set to do my favorite chore.  As I started out on the porch to settle down to
churn, Grandma said to me, "The butter on your oatmeal this morning was what you
churned a couple of days ago." ￼ "Was it really? I thought it tasted
especially good." "I'm sorry the snake frightened you so! Austin and I couldn't
remember how long it had been since one was found on our farm. Quite a while, I
believe. I'm so glad it was a non-poisonous one. Any snake can scare me. I hate those
things," Grandma said.  "Me, too. Austin killed him with just one shot!" I said.  "He
is a very accurate hunter. He is much admired by his peers because it usually takes
him just one shot. When you finish churning, would you like to gather the eggs for
me?" "Oh yes. Next to churning, I always wanted to collect the eggs. By the way,
Grandma, I think I'm all over my homesickness. Let's just tell Grandpa when he comes
homc that I've decided to stay for my fu1l visit." "l'm so glad. Grandpa will be
glad, too. Both of us are really enjoying having you with us. Since you came alone
this year, you and I are having a chance to become better acquainted. That means a
lot to me," Grandma said seriously.  "lt does to me, too, Grandma." "Now read your
book while you churn, and I'll get the dishes washed and clean up the kitchen." When
Grandpa returned home, both Grandma and I were eager to tell him that I had decided
to stay.  "Sugar Babe, that makes me very happy! After supper, I want to teach you
how to play horseshoes - Grandpa style! That is something you can practice by
yourself or play with someone. I have a feeling you'll become very good at
horseshoes!" "I'm anxious to learn," I said eagerly, knowing what a champion Grandpa
is known to be.  After supper, Grandpa and I went out to the place where the
horseshoes were waiting. Before he left this morning, Grandpa had put the two pairs
of horseshoes in readiness for us to play.  Grandpa explained that there were two
methods of pitching horseshoes. One was to turn the shoes over and over, and the
other was to furn the shoes round and round. Your Daddy, I believe, turns his over
and over. You look like a round and round player like me!" I tried both methods and
found that I was indeed a round and round playerl Grandpa threw a few ringers here
and there, and suddenly I had a ringer!  "Grandpa do you see that? I have a ringer! I
actually have a ringerl" "Now you are getting the hang of it. Soon you will have lots
of ringers. Now you practice a while. I have some paper work to do. Try to practice
at least an hour, and by tomorrow, you'll be able to take on Cary and Mary." "Do you
really think so? They are pretty good, so they tell me." I said eagerly. "That's the
key - so they tell you." Grandpa said lightly.  After about thirty minutes, I found
that I was getting about one ringer out of three. "Either Grandpa is a great teacher,
or I have a real 
