The Old Chicken House
=====================

Of all the chores Grandma assigned me to do - next to churning - I really enjoyed
collecting the eggs. Grandma had always trusted Mickey with this task, but Mickey was
not here, and she had to ask me.  The old hen house was usually neat and clean, which
was a surprise considering it was a hen house! The only real challenge in this place
was the old red hen who always wanted to hang on to her eggs. All of the other hens
seemed to understand we would take the eggs regardless, so they put up no resistance.
"Ole Red" was another story!  I took Ole Red as a personal challenge. When I
carefully eased my hand to take her egg, she always pecked at me. It didn't really
hurt, but sometimes it scared me. Always it irritated me. Grandpa had shown me just
how to handle heE but still she was trouble. He said she wanted to sit on the eggs so
that she could have just one more brood of chickens. Grandpa said she was too old
now, but no one could convince her!  Ole Red's eggs were always different from the
others. They were not only brown, but had a slight reddish tint as well.  Grandma
called me into the kitchen. "Did you finally get "Ole Red" to give up her egg?" "I
did Grandma, but every day, it gets harder. She is really stubborn. The young hen you
told me started laying this year is the best hen. She seems to give me her eggs with
a little pride." "That helps," Grandma smiled. "Are Mary and Cary coming over in time
for lunch when they come to play Monopoly with you?" "I sorta asked them to - I hope
that is all right with you." "It is this time. I just made up some egg salad from
part of yesterdays eggs. In the future, you must ask me first to be sure that I have
enough food for lunch on hand." "Yes, Ma'am. I was just so anxious to be sure they
would come. With the new tips that Grandpa gave me last night on Monopoly, I just
might beat them for a change. They must really play that game a lot," I said.  "On
rainy days, and it gets so dark so early in the wintertime, they even enjoy playing
by lamp light. Marie makes sure they finish their homework first." "Mickey is pretty
good at Monopoly, but she and Irene consider Buck and me too young to present a
challenge to them. Maybe after this sumrner, I can show them how much better I can
play." "Grandpa must have really given you some fine pointers," Grandma said mildly.
I quickly looked at Graudma to b9 sure that was not a sarcastic remarh but her
expression was kind.  'ollere eomc the trrins," I said excitedly and ças glad to
close that conversation.  After a nice lunch, whichincluded a fbw oiher tbingq
Graodma decided to acld, we settled dorryn to play Monopoly. [t wasnt too long before
the garne turned into tny favor and I niumphantly beat both ofmy cousins soundly;
Mary and Carywere irritatedbut impressed.
