Grandma's Automatic Washer
==========================

When I awoke one morning, there was a bustle of activity in the kitchen. Grandma greeted me with, "Katie, this is washday. As soon as you have finished your oatmeal, please bring me all your dirty clothes. Here is a bag to put them ln..

"Yes, Ma'am," I said obediently. After I had my dirty clothes neatly in the bag, Grandma took my bag and hers downstairs. I followed her and I looked around puzzled. I asked Grandma, "Where is your washing machine?"

Grandma sort of grinned and said" "I guess I'm it!,'

"l don't understand" I said

"Come with me," she said.

"Would you please fetch that large bar of Lye soap fiom the pantry shelfl We'll also need the washboard leaning in the corner of the pantry. I'll go on out in the yard by those big stones and wait for you while I sort the clothes.

I stared at Grandma for a moment. I just could not understand why we would be "meeting" out in the yard with our dirty laundry! No way did it make any sense to me that we could be able to wash our clothes without a washing machine. And I was looking forward to wringing the clothes out on the wringei My mother always let me do that on washday.

As I went down into the yard, I noticed Grandma had filled two laree tubs with water from the well by the side porch. I figured I must have dawdled-a little getting the items Grandma needed because I couldn't see how she had possibly had time to fill the tubs in my absence.

Grandma read my thoughts and said, "Grandpa always draws the water for me on washdays before he goes into town to work."

I laughed, "I couldn't figure out how you had moved so fast! Now, what can I do to help? I knoq I can wring the clothes out on the wringer - except that I don't see a wringer!"

Grandma held out her two strong hands and said, ,.1 am the wringer. you can wash the small items." She placed the washboard in one of the tubs and demonstrated how to use it.

I decided all the work was with elbow power, but it looked like fun, so I rubbed away. After a few Knuckle scrapes, I finally got the hang of it. I was glad she only let me wash the small items because soon my arms became very tired.

Grandma said, "That's very good, Katie. Now we have to put all these clothes

into the other tub to rinse them. I will wring them out and hang them on the lines to dry."
￼Kathryn Bush

I was busy rinsing my small items when I heard behind me a sharp banging noise! I quickly turned to see Grandma with a wide paddle in her hand seeming to beat the heck out ofseveral pieces oflaundry! The clothes were wet and soapy, and were draped over one ofthe large rocks'

Grandma looked at my face and laughed out loud! "This is my special stain remover - works every time!"

I laughed too - so hard in fact that my stomach hurt! Grandma's primitive method of washing clothes with homemade Lye soap was indeed strange. Later, when the clothes dried in the warm sunshine, I had to admit I'd never seen clothes so WHITE. Grandma's wash day had been a fascinating experience!


