Alone
=====

The first week of my visit had progressed more rapidly than I ha expected. I became
aware that the pet peeve I had against Grandma was missing! She had not said one word
about the way I walk being a habit. She has always known that I d experienced a light
case of Polio when I was eighteen months old. I have always walked so close to normal
that she always took it upon herself to see that I had a 100% perfect gait. This
visit, however, not only had she failed to nag me about my walking, I had not even
caught her looking at my feet - not once! I wondered why - as that was the main
reason I never was very fond of her.  I started really noticing; and sure enough,
Grandma treated me as if I'd never had a walking problem at all. My left ankle was
weak when I was tired, and when I was very tired, that foot and ankle showed
weakness, but my mother said that was from the fall she said paralyzed me at eighteen
months.  What was she trying to do to me? Make me like her? The thought was not
unpleasant, but just new to me.  I thought, "I've got to admire the way Grandma can
play Checkers! If I hadn'tjust learned those two new moves Grandpa taught me, shed
have beaten me good. My respect for her grew a little.  Just what did she mean when
she said to me as an afterthought, "Tomorrow after our chores are over, I want to
show you a special little pair of scissors." Whose scissors? What was she up to now?
I'd just have to wait and see. All of us grandchildren had learned you do not hurry
one ofGrandma's surprises. Still, I couldn't help being a little curious.  I finally
finished my churning, and Grandma called me in to her sewing room.  "I have to sew on
a few buttons today. I've been putting this offtoo long." (I thought to myself, "l
can't imagine Grandma ever putting anything off!" "While you are here with me, I want
to tell you that someday these scissors will be yours," she blurted out, not savoring
the surprise.  I tried to look appreciative, but all I saw was a very old pair of
scissors.  "What makes these so special?" I carefully asked.  Grandma looked at my
face and laughed. "You see, the thing that makes these scissors so special is that I
am the fourth generation who has owned them. They are not pretty, but they cut good"
and I get quite a satisfaction out of knowing they were bought by my great
grandmother for her little sewing basket. When I use my scissors, I find myself
wondering just what sort of fashions they had back then. Did she also lose a button
now and then. and use these scissors to clip the threads?  "The scissors have always
been a pleasure for me because I couldjust picture how they had been similarly used
by my ancestors, to keep all their mending done," Grandma smiled wistfully.  I looked
incredulously at my little Grandma. I could not believe that she could ever have such
sentimental thoughts.  "I had not even considered such use ofthe scissors. I'm afraid
all I saw was that they were very old. Grandma, it is really very sweet of you to
want me to have your special scissors. Someday, I shall use them with pride now that
I know their history." "That's my girl!" Grandma said softly. "By the way, don't you
sort of wonder why I chose YOU to get my little historic scissors? I have a host of
granddaughters, you know." Grandma smiled at me in a special sort of way.  "Yes.
Ma'am, I did wonder, and I came to the conclusion that of all of them, I am the most
like you!" I couldn't believe I had made such a confession, but it was true!  Grandma
took my hand for just the slightest moment and squeezed it lightly.  I smiled at the
wonderment of finally admitting the truth. In fact, up until this moment, I had not
put this thought into words.  "Grandma, not long ago, Mama and Daddy were talking
about Grandpa's father, Cumberland Reynolds, you know the one that was in the Civil
War. Did his wife ever use these little scissors?" Grandma could not help smiling at
my lengthy sentences for one so young, but she answered me kindly. "No, Dear. These
came from my family, The Epps. I'll have to tell you more about them sometime.
Perhaps a little while you are here." Grandma said her patience was wearing a little
thin, so she suggested that we eo fold a few clothes. I wasn't fooled. She was
sentimental after all!
