No Longer Petrified
===================

One afternoon, I was swinging in the large swing on my Grandparents' porch. I was reading a book out of Grandpa's library. I looked up and out across the vast countryside. How peaceful and quiet the large farm appeared. I had been here for almost two weeks, and I was sad to think I would soon be going home.

When I had packed my clothes to come here, the only way my parents had been able to persuade me to visit alone was to assure me that there was NO RECORD OF A TORNADO EVER HITTING ANY PART OF THIS COUNTY IN GEORGIA!

"Mama, are you sure they don't have tornadoes?" I had asked again. I was very worried. I was still acutely aware of the severe thunderstorms that seemed to occur with the regularity of at least once a week in our home of Gainesville, Georgia. That had been the case ever since the horrendous Twin Tornadoes had devastated our city on April 6, 1936 - two months ago, to be exact.

Our Mother and I lived in constant terror that another tornado would strike and wipe us all offthe face of the earthl The others in our family were frightened by the big weekly storms, ofcourse; but they did not seem to be as petrified as my Mother and I were. Maybe they did not talk about their fears as much.

Reluctantly, I had agreed to go and spend two weeks by myself with our Grandparents so that I would have a change ofscenery. I don't think anyone took into consideration that I was not very fond of my little Grandmother! I adored my Grandfather, though, so I felt that I could enjoy being with him each night when he came home from his building business in Commerce.

At eighteen months, I had a slight case ofPolio; and at eleven years, I still did not walk to suit my Grandmother! She was always telling me that the way I walked was 'Just habit." That made me rather miserable at times. I didnl exactly dislike her - I just wished she'd let me walk in peace.

As I continued to swing slowly, I was amazed to discover, as I thought about it, I was gradually becoming rather fond of my Grandma. I remembered how much I enjoyed chuming the butter. She had let me do that when I first came to visit them; and it had become my special chore. I liked to finally see the pieces ofbutter on the dash; but I had also been able to read a number ofbooks while I performed this necessary chore. I could well understand how Grandma had been able to read the Bible through four times. Amazing! I suspect she also read considerably when her doctor made her rest for a couple of hours after lunch each day. Grandma was not the type to nap while resting; so her reading was undisturbed.
￼Kathryn Bush

"l'11 be bored to pieces every day while Grandma is upstairs resting," I thought to myself when I first arrived. However, I had always enjoyed reading, and I found it fascinating to be able to select books from Grandpa's library. While looking over some of the children's books, I fancied that some were ones my own Mother had read as a child. I was pretty sure I recognized her handwriting in the margins of some of the books I picked out to read. I found it interesting that many of the ones I enjoyed were ones I realized my Mother had also read before me. It was easy to calculate her age as she was born in 1900.

I remembered with pride that Grandma had taught me to cook Country Ham and Red Eye Gravy. Grandpa had been so pleased the first time I cooked that meal. We both enjoy that combination very much.

I could never get over the fascination I felt with being able to cook so many items at the same time on the large old wood stove. Once it was hot, everything could be cooked at once, even the grits Grandma had also taught me how to cook.

For some reason, I thought of the horseshoe games I d enjoyed so much this trip, particularly after Grandpa showed me how he played' With practice' I had become so accurate with my ringers not many had been able to defeat me, at least not for long. That was one game I really excelled in, and it meant a lot to me to do something so well.

Deep in thought, I had not heard Grandma quietly come through the screen door. She stood there for a moment, then said" "Want company?"

I looked up and smiled my welcome. "l've just been swinging slowly and thinking of all the things I have done and learned in the past two weeks, Grandma! It seems I have been here longer than two weeks because we have done so much and I have learned so much from you and Grandpa."

"I hope you are enjoying your time with us," Grandma said softly'

"Oh yes," I said quickly. "Besides churning, I'm so glad you taught me how to cook Country Ham and Red Eye Gravy."

"You learn so quickly, Katie, and Grandpa and I are so happy you came alone. It has given us a chance to get to know you better. Grandpa is always telling his friends that he taught you to play horseshoes - his style. He said that now you even beat him most of the time," Grandma said pleasantly'

"Does he really tell them I beat him? I didnl at first, but now I do beat him a lot and I can tell he is trying hard!"

"Katie, you are not as anxious now when the thunderstonns come' are you?"

"No Ma'am. I only jumped into your bed out of terror that first time. I've learned that they really will pass in a few minutes. They still scare me, but I guess they scare a lot ofpeople, don't they?"

"sometimes I'm petrified!" Grandma admitted. "Even though the lightening and thunder are never pleasant, most of the time, we feel the lightening rods do their jobs. At least, it helps to think they do! The rains do help keep the crops growing," Grandma added thoughtfu lly.

I said - very grown-up like, "You just have to grin and bear it until a storm is

overl"

"Now that's the idea!" Grandma said approvingly. "Before I came out, I set

out two glasses for us to enjoy some of the buttermilk you made this morning. Want some?"

46

"You bet I do!" Since I had been churning the butter, I had learned to real.ly enjoy the buttermilk. It almost tasted sweet after all that work.

I felt a definite relief to discuss the thunderstorms with Grandma. and to admit to her and to myself that the temendous fear IT felt after the tornado was waning rapidly. Perhaps I'd grown up a little in my toleration of one of natures drastic elements!


