Rock And Worry
==============

One morning after I gathered the eggs, Grandma told me to count out one dozen eggs
and put them in a basket. She said that she wanted me to go with her up the hill to
Aunt Flora's house. I immediately realized that her daughter was the one I had seen
for years rocking on her porch. In fact, in anything but rainy or snowy weather, she
could always be seen rocking back and forth aimlessly as if that were her mission in
life. I was mildly excited to be going to visit Aunt Flora with Grandma, instead of
listening to my cousins who always implied that she was just lazily rocking her time
away.

"Flora never has enough eggs at one time, and it will be a treat for her."

I wondered vaguely why she never had enough eggs, but I quickly counted a dozen eggs
out ofthe ones I had gathered this morning. "I don't know too much about Aunt Flora,"
I said. "From the distance, I always see her rocking on her front porch a lot."

Grandma laughed. 'And if you could see her up close, you'd observe that she is always
chewing her gum with that same worried look on her face. Her worries are many times
justified - bit the creases she has carved as wrinkles in her forehead belie her
actual age. I do know that she worries too much about her boys. Her youngest, in
particular, gets a little too rambunctious at times. Flora is such a gentle soul, she
really does not discipline her children as well as she should. And Pate, her husband,
is too easy on them as well.

"You remember Flora's son, Fotch? He never hunts with a gun. He can knock a squirrel
out of a tree as quickly as Austin can with his trusty rifle. It is sometimes
arnazingl"

"I've noticed many times that Camp seems to be unhappy and restless," I said.

"That's putting it mildly! He never seems content with his lot in life. I guess he
will outgrow it."

"That's enough theorizing for such a lovely morning. Do we have everything we need?"
Grandma was ready to start up the hill.

"Yes, Ma'am, "I replied, eager to know more about my Aunt who logs so much rocking
time. "Do you think Aunt Flora will let me make the coffee?" I asked almost too
eagerly, as Grandma had just yesterday taught me how

"Flora would let you clean her house, also, ifyou wanted to. I'm afraid she has long
strayed from the lady who used to be proud of the way her home looked. Her worries
pre-empt other things these days, and she seems oblivious to her ￼Kathryn Bush

untidy surroundings. Fotch does the best he can to see that things are livable, but,
after all, he didn't get to be such a sharpshooter with that slingshot while washing
dishes!" Grandma said.

"Mary told me that Aunt Flora has a son our brother, Curtis' age. She says at one
time, they were real close when Curt would visit your farm."

"Mary is absolutely right. They have had some good times together. Both are
fun-loving young en and each is popular with the young ladies. Especially your
brother, Curtis. His winning personality is great to be around," Grandma said with a
fond twinkle in her eye.

"Curt has always been kind to me and never fails, at sometime during the year to
remind me, with a special sort of affection, that he and lrene carried me many a mile
during the six months I could not walk (at eighteen months) when I had my slight case
of Polio," I said with pride because he cared.

"Curt and Irene would not allow you to be confined to a chair. You were such a
slender little thing. I even think they grudgingly enjoyed showing you offto their
friends."

We were almost to Aunt Flora's front porch by now, andAunt Flora had risen from her
rocking chair and held out her plump arms to her mother.

Grandma was not too much for any show of emotion, but she quickly enveloped her
oldest daughter in a bear hug.

Finally, Aunt Flora noticed me. "Katie, I declare you have grown so much this year
that I might not have recognized you if I had seen you without Mama." I took her
remark as a compliment, and returned the mild hug she bestowed

on me.

Flora returned her attention to her mother. "Mama, if I'd known you were coming, I'd
have made a fresh pot of coffee." Grandma and I were acutely aware that Aunt Flora
had followed us with her eyes from the time we left Grandma's house until we
approached her porch. Aunt Flora's unhappiness made her oblivious to her duties as a
hostess.

I chirped up, 'Aunt Flora, Grandma taught me how to make coffee just yesterday, and I
can serve it, too. May I make some for you?"

Aunt Flora looked at me begrudging the fact that even at my tender age of eleven, I
could accomplish what used to be one ofthe joys ofher day.

I disappeared into the very untidy kitchen and proceeded to carefully and silently
wash the coffee pot and the cups we would be using for our coffee. Aunt Flora did not
even seem embarrassed because nothing in the kitchen was clean enough to use.

I could hear Grandma kindly making conversation that Flora could relate to regarding
various activities of the members of her family. Aunt Flora mentioned in passing that
her daughter, Gertrude, had written her a note inviting her to visit her in Maysville
for a few days since she had not been with her too much lately.

Soon, my coffee was ready, and I carefully put three cups and three napkins on the
tray, and I went back into the living room proudly carrying my coffee party results.

Talking over the hot coffee - mine mostly cream - proved to be a pleasant affair.
Aunt Flora, as Grandma had predicted was delighted to get so many eggs at once. She
surprised us by saying, "Now I can make Camp a birthday cake. His birthday is
tomorrow He'll be so pleased that I will be making a cake for him. It

54 ￼FORTY GRAND

has been some time since I have made anyone a cake," she finished sadly. "But - Mama,
could I borrow a cup of sugar? I only have about two cups and it will take three to
make the old pound cake that my family used to love so much."

Grandma grinned pleasantly, and said, "Of course." She was overcome that Flora would
stop rocking long enough to bake a cake - even for her favorite son's birthday. She
said to me, "Katie, why don't you run in down to our house and measure up two cups of
sugar." Grandma winked at me, showing her pleasure at Flora's suggestion.

"I'll be right back," I promised and quickly slipped out the door. I returned fairly
soon, bearing the required sugar and a few other items I considered would be
necessary suspecting that Aunt Flora did not have a complete cupboard.

I bubbled "Grandma, you had two bottles of vanilla flavoring - one full and one just
about enough to bake a cake. I brought the opened one along in case Aunt Flora needed
it, too." Now, it was my turn to wink at Grandma.

"Thank you, Katie, because after you left, I realized that I had used the last of my
large bottle."

Grandma and I looked at each other silently understanding there would no doubt be
more borrowing of Ingredients before that cake came together.

Grandma was so pleased that her daughter was doing something for her son, that she
would have probably furnished all the ingredientsjust to get her out of that rocking
chair!

"Flora, if you find you need anything else for your cake, just send Fotch down. As
you know, I try to keep my cupboard fairly well stocked."

"I know you do, Mama. Maybe someday some of your efficiency will rub off on me! I
just do not seem to accomplish much these days. Most of the time, I just find myself
rocking and worrying," Flora said softly.

Grandma felt a little sorry about her remarks she had uttered so lightly - almost
with a tinge of sarcasm. On an impulse, Grandma went over and gave her daughter a
quick hug. Flora could not hide the tear that rolled down her cheek.

I said brightly, "I hope there will be a piece ofcake left for us? I love birthday
cakes."

Aunt Flora said unsteadily (with emotion), "You can count on it. You will get the
piece with the most icing!"

Grandma and I quickly said our good-byes. Grandma added gently, "You knoq I never saw
Flora so sincerely emotional - at least not in years."

"lt was almost as if she were promising us that she would get out of that rocking
chair more often," I said thoughtfully.

"It was taking her those eggs the day before Camp's birthday. She just had to use
them to bake him a cake. Did you notice that once she got out of that chair, she made
a special effort to play her role as a hostess?" Grandma asked.

"She di{ didn't she? Do you suppose maybe now she will try a little harder to keep a
better house? It really was pretfy bad, wasn't it?" I was concerned.

Grandma was suddenly very serious. "I can only hope so. Lazy habits are hard to
break. If Camp would straighten up and amount to something, her worries would be
lighter. Deep down, Flora is a fine person. Maybe someday, she can get her act back
together." Grandma said sincerely.

"I hope so. Today, I really liked being around her. She really is a kinda sweet
oerson."

55 ￼Katkryn Bush

"'You got a rare impression of her today, brrt Irm going to eirnestly hope that she
will become a productive persot again,: Grandma added quietly,

"Eggq sugar and vanilla flavoring spurred her on to want to make that birthday cake!"
I said thoughttully.

"And whcn she does, it will be delicious! She used to be a fine cook," finished
Grandma.
