Wes Was Like This
=================

One morning after my chores, I was a little bored. I asked Grandma if I could look at her
family photograph album.  "Of course. It is on the table in the oarlor." I knew that as I
had seen the weathered book as I dusted in there yesterdav. Quickly I located the book and
started looking with interest at the many photos of Grandma and Grandpa's nine children.
Mostly, I was searching for pictures of my own mother, Ethel, when she was a child. I had
been told thàt I looked a lor like her, but when I found several of her at various ages, I
really could not finc much resemblance. I decided I did not look like her then.  After a
time, I took the old book carefully into the kitchen where Grandma was stringing green
beans. "Grandma, I ran across a picture of your don, wes. I really do not know much about
him. could you tell me about him and his kids?- Grandma smiled fondly,and said..I,m glad
you asked. Wes is the quiet strgng qp: I have always been able to depend on him. He has
three ùns, Aubrey, Clyde and Byron." 'Aubrey has always been the serious one. I wourdn't
be sumrised if somedav he.chose to be a cop of some sort. In cops and Robbers gamès, he
insisted on being the cop and he always got his man.,' . "clyde and Byron followed in
their father's footsteps - friendly but rather quiet." "with nine children, I really don't
see how you can remember important facts about them and their children - my cousins."
"well' they were born one at a time; and with such a large family and forty grandchildren,
it has sometimes been a challenge, but Ijust try to love them ail and enjoy them when they
visit!" I looked up from another picture I was studying. "Grandma, I know uncle willard
was in the war, and I have heard the stories àbout him, but I do not know his three
children either. Mama said that the boy's name is Lamar and the girl's (youngest, I think)
name is Eloise, but I do not know the name of his third chlild." "l5t when I thought I had
all my grandchildren,s'names firmly in my head, ll.ul _gTl'r_ name just escapes me. Now go
along with you into tÉe pu.io, urrd finish looking at those pictures, and I'll rack my
brain to iome up with her name. she is apretty little thing and her name is on the tip of
my tongue, but I,ll just have to think about it." "OK," I said with a grin. I never knew
my Grandma could forget anything.  Knowing I was pressing my luck, I sai4 "Before I go,
Grandma' whi!9 ygl are thinkinfabout fhat, could you tell me a little about Aunt FloraS
son Jim? I have never-heard too much about him. Fotch is the expert slingshot guy, but
what did Jim ever do?" ..You are a persistent little thing, aren't you? Not many of yorr
grandchildren knew either Jim or shirley. shirley married young and Jim left home early to
seek his fortunes. They were both good kids, and I enjoyed them. I could always depend on
them to run an errand orjust to talk and tell me oftheir activities. In hei yognger years,
Flora was a conscientious mother and she raised her children right. Most of them listened.
I wasn't sure of what Grandma meant by her last remark, but I excused myself and returned
to the parlor. I found myself eager to look at the rest of the pictures, possibly more
than once.
