Danger Lurks
============

Grandma was upstairs resting; and I was starting to read the new book Grandpa had brought
to me just ye-st_elday It really was à good book, and I was looking fgrward to reading it;
but I felt restless. I looked out the window at the beautifui, cloudless sky, and I closed
my book firmly. It was entirely too nice outside to be reading inside!  _ In the back of
my head was the usual Grandma precautions about exploring their large farm alone. Just
last week, however, Grandpa had allowed -. to go with him into the barn. what could happen
to me there? The barn was reasonabfe close to the house. Grandma could even look out her
window upstairs if she wanted to.  I threw caution to the wind and decided to explore the
giant old barn.  _ After I adjusted my eyes from the bright sunlight ouiside to the
relatively gloomy interior of the barn, I immediately became-aware of Mabel, their main
source of milk. she gave me one sidelong glance while she continued to chew on her cud'
Suddenly, she gave out a very loud "moo" which resounded in the upper emptiness ofthe
great barn.  Almost at the same moment, the mare, Nellie Belle, joined Mabel in a pretty
noisy neigh, both of which got through to me that I was not welcome to eoin the barn
alone! Just as I had decided quickly that I would see the barn anothËr time - with
Grandpa, I looked up at the door to find a menacing teenage boy blocking the door to
prevent my leaving.  My heart leapt up into my throat! There stood the BULLY of the area
who lived down near the covered bridge. Both ofmy grandparents had sternly warned me never
to even go near him! His reputation was known far and wide as both a troublemaker and a
real threat to innocent young girls.  "Get out of my way, Jeb!" I screamed.  Instead of
moving away, he grabbed my ann in a vice_like grip with his strong, dirty hand. I was
about to cry our for help when he clampeâ his other filthy hand over my mouth!  , I was at
the point of passing out from sheer fright when I saw Grandma's bonnet appear around the
corner ofthe barn!  "Jeb Rainey, take your grimy hands off my granddaughter! you have been
warned to.stay offour property. This time you have gone too far! I am going to have
SheriffWarner hunt you down. Release her immediately!" .._ Jeb.reluctantly took his hand
offmy mouth, and released my arm. He snarled" "I was just trying to have a little fun." I
flew to Grandma and she put a protective arm around me. we both stood motionless until Jeb
had reached the road. "There now, Sugar Babe. Don't be frightened." (She had never used
Grandpa's endearing name to me before.) we'll gJott ,rp to tire house and have a few
pieces of that chocolate fudge I made this iro-ing. It is for my Garden Club meeting
tomorrow, but I made a little extra." TalÈing loud en-ough for Jeb to hear from the roa4
Grandma warned him sternly, "Now, Jeb, I never want to see your evil face around here
again! Now go." érandma was only four foot eleven in height, but her voice a she yelled at
Ieb was six foot five; and he couldn't get out ofthere fast enough' Grandma had such fire
in her eyes that Jeb headed toward his miserable shack down by the bridge without even
tuming back. I saw his face as he left. It was dark and menacing.  I clung to Grandma's
hand as we walked quickly toward the house, also without turning around.
