Horseshoes In Earnest
=====================

The twins heard from Austin that Grandpa had taught me to play
horseshoes - his style! They challenged me to a game that afternoon.
They had walked over for that express purpose.
I had been practicing for two days in my spare time, and I considered
myself by now to be pretty good. I felt that I was a fine match for my
cousins. We went out into the yard and I was to play Cary first. Mary
encouraged him to play first because she wanted to observe my new style.
Sure enough, as Grandpa had predicted" I beat Cary easily. Mary walked
up and said, "Now that I know how you throw, it won't be so easy to beat
me!"
It was just as easy to beat Mary and she stalked offto the well,
insisting she was very thirsty.
Cary sort of grinned to himself as he realized he was not the only one I
could beat at horseshoes.
Cary and Mary had been playing horseshoes for two or three years, so
they had naturally thought I'd be a pushover for them to win.
Mary wanted a rematch. Just as my tum came, I noticed Grandpa standing
by the corner of the house. I couldn't miss the twinkle in his eyes as
if he were spurring his newest pupil on. Grandpa loved to pitch
horseshoes, and he was one of the best in the county.
I still had my horseshoe poised in the air when Cary became aware of
Grandpa's presence. They could never excel at an)'thing when adults were
watching. After I expertly got a ringer, Cary missed the mark when his
tum came on the first throw.
"way to go, Sugar Babe!" Grandpa praised me.
My proud grin would have lit up an electric light bulb!
From the looks on my twin cousins'faces, no way were they going to let
me
show them up in front ofGrandpa!
Cary got a leaner on his second throw.
Before my turn, I looked up at Grandma's resting room, and there she was
grinning from ear to ear! Could it be that she s betting on me to win?
I'd heard the twins were pretty cocky about their horseshoe prowess, but
now I had the advantage of being able to show offin front of adults.
I aimed with care, and I had another ringer fall in place. It knocked
Cary's leaner flat and to the side.
Panic was beginning to show on the twins'faces as they realized how cool
I was with adults around. Also, they had to grudgingly admit that I was
getting
pretty accurate.
"somehow that's not fair," Mary whined.
"Fair as rain," Grandpa said" coming to look more closely at such a
feat. "Sugar Babe, you seem to have a natural talent for this game'"
Grandpa
couldn't conceal his pleasure. "Don't get too cocky, though. Remember
how Mary and Cary beat you in Monopoly last year." He winked at me.
Cary and Mary relaxed visibly and smiled at Grandpa for remembering they
had soundly defeated me at Monopoly - one of the games at which they
excelled. After all, Grandpa didn't have forty "Sugar Babes" for
nothing! He could be
very diplomatic when he wanted to be. He truly did love us all, and was
always bragging about what fine young citizens we would all be when we
grew up. About this time, Grandma signaled Grandpa from the second story
vantage point! She had spotted the evil Jeb walking boldly across the
dirt road toward us children as we played horseshoes, He was just now
getting the nerve to approach us. Obviously, he had not seen Grandpa!
Grandpa quietly slipped up behind Jeb and grabbed his arm firmly from
behind. "Jeb, you were in no uncertain terms to stay offour property!
Now I find you near my grandchildren. You get yourself back to that
miserable shack of yours and never set foot even near our property
again! Now go!" Grandpa was furious.
Jeb looked sullenly at Grandpa, but he had more sense that to talk back
to him. He started reluctantly down the road toward the covered bridge.
All of us watched as Jeb walked down the road. Suddenly, we saw a police
patrol car come over the hill. They stopped and forced Jeb inside. Then
they headed back toward Commerce. Grandpa explained to us, "The police
have been looking for Jeb for a long time; and now they are finally
taking him to jail. Stalking young girls has not been his only crime,
and he will be lucky if they do not lock him up indefinitely."
I said" "Even though I know what a terrible person Jeb is, I really hate
to see anyone go to jail."
Grandma assured me, "Don't worry about Jeb. His crimes are so many, he
needs to pay his debt to society - our society!"
I remembered and said reluctantly, "You're right."
Our horseshoe game had been interrupted by the Jeb incident. Somehow, we
decided we'd continue our contest at another time.
Cary tried to say brightly, "The Scuppemongs are ripe now Let's go and
eat a few"
Mary and I followed him to the vines that were on a large square trellis
with the vines growing overhead, but not too high to reach, even for us
kids. It was one of the joys of summer to eat the sweet grapes.
"I had forgotten how good these taste!" I said" pulling offa handful'
"You and Mary are lucky to be able to eat these wonderful grapes
an)'tlme you want to during the season. Sometimes, I think about how
sweet they are, and I wish I could have them more often."
"I never thought we were lucky, but I guess we really are. I like the
Muscadines, too, but they are not as sweet as these Scuppernongs. They
are so different," said Mary.
Cary said, "Mary remember Mama said for us to be home by five, so I
guess we'd better go."
"Today has been fun," I said. "It's too bad Jeb had to ruin our
horseshoe game. Maybe you could come back tomorrow. Do you think Aunt
Marie will let you?"
"Considering that the Jeb incident spoiled our playing today, maybe she
will," Cary said thoughttully.
"If we can, we'll be over after lunch," Mary added.
"Great," I said and bid them goodbye for now.
Suddenly Mary turned around. She had remembered that they had invited me
over to play Monopoly tomorrow "We'll have to postpone the rematch of
horseshoes because we have already challenged you to play Monopoly.
Remember?"
"I do now I'll be over therejust after lunch. See ya."
"We'll have the board all set up," Cary added.
"I'll be looking forward to it," I said. I hoped they would not detect
the smug
look on my face. What they do not know is that for the last three nights
aftei supper, Grandpa has been giving me some very fine pointers about
Monopoly.
I watched as Cary and Mary skipped happily along the narrow road to
their house. They had no thought or fear of meeting a snake along the
way. I guessed it was because they lived on the farm, and could not
constantly be in fear of snakes.
Later that afternoon, Grandma decided to teach me how to milk the cow. I
had already had several unsuccessful tries at milking old Mabel, so I
did not expect much. Grandma patiently showed me one more time; and I
determined I'd learn. I squealed with delight when suddenly I succeeded
in getting a spray of milk into the pail!
"Remember, you must never come in the barn alone. you know it isn't
safe,,' Grandma warned after we'd finished with the milkins.
I didn't argue with Grandma as the terrifiing eiperience with Jeb was
still fresh in my mind.
Grandma saw the look in my face. She cheerily said, ,.When you churn the
butter tomorrow, you will be using the milk you just milked yourself.
How about that?"
I brightened just a little. "Will it really be this milk?"
"You bet it will. You don't have much there, so I will just add that to
the clabber I already have, stir it up, and it will be fine."
"Grandma, will they really put Jeb in jail? He has done some bad things,
but - jail. That us so terrible."
"Sweetie, when a person cannot live the way other people live, and when
they enjoy hurting other people, they should be put away somewhere so
they can learn a better way of living."
"I guess you're right, and he did scare me a lot. Grandma, do - do you
suppose at your Bible Study this week, you could mention the situation
about Jeb?"
"I was planning to, Dear. This is a situation that has been on our minds
for some time."

