Glorious Petunias
=================

Some people, perhaps with a tinge ofjealousy, have at times suspected that Grandma
started her Garden Club just so that she could show off her prize petunias !

An important fact should be noted. When Grandpa built their very sturdy rather unique
large farm house, he added a special feature for his wife. In the front yard,
surrounding an already existing large tree, Grandpa designed and built a giant
petunia "bed." It was about twelve feet in diameter, and at least two feet deep. The
"deep" was filled with fine soil that would grow many plants, but Grandma chose
petunias. I am sure Grandma masterminded how she wanted everything prepared to her
own ideas. Then, when it was all finished" she ordered the seeds she had been
planning for months. Grandpa also strongly suspected that starting a Garden Club to
show off her petunias was part of Grandma's overall plans.

Spring finally arrived, and Grandma said proudly to Grandpa, "I have received and
sorted all of the petunia seeds that I will need - and more - and now I am ready to
plant all ofthem in the patterns that I have carefully designed. I want to have a
glorious burst ofcolor every Spring!"

Grandpa smiled down at her, and he caught her enthusiasm. "I really outdid myself on
the petunia bed, didn't I?" Everyone has been eager to know just how you'll plant
only petunias in such a large bed."

"Let them observe a Master at work," Grandma quipped. She gathered up all of her seed
packets, her trowel, her bonnet, and set out toward her anticipated project.

Grandpa looked up from working on his books from his building business often enough
to check on his wife's progress. The determined look on her face assured him that she
would be the talk of the countryside with her beautiful anticipated petunias!

With such fine soil and premium grade seeds, it wasn't long before Grandma's petunias
began emerging in record numbers. Every moming, Grandma carefully followed the
directions of watering, etc.

At long last, the burst of color that Grandma had envisioned became a lovely reality.
She anxiously awaited Grandpa's arrival so that he could share her joy. "Why, Mattie,
your petunia are gloriousl I've watched their daily progress,

but today they are beautiful!" Grandpa praised.

Grandma's beaming smile mirrored her pride and satisfaction of her

accomplishment. To herself, she thought, "Gertie Wilson will be green with ￼Kathryn
Bush

envy!" She thought for a moment, "But her roses are still the talk ofthe county.
Well, this will just give them something else to talk about."

Grandpa said mildly, "Now you can get on with your ides of starting a Garden Club."

"I already have." Grandma said smugly. "Our first meeting is next Tuesday - here at
our house. That is the surprise I waited out here for. I wanted to wait until the
petunias were in full bloom, and I got the meeting together last week. Nine of our
county women are coming to our very first meeting."

"Well now, you are something else! I'm really proud of you. I'll be starting that two
story house in Commerce on that day, so I will be out of the house."

"I counted on that," teased Grandma.

Grandpa shook his head slowly in wonderment at his usually almost shy wife who had
accomplished all she had planned so carefully for. His smile was one of genuine
pride.


