Garden Club and Bible Study
===========================

Years later when I was eleven, as I was to help at her meeting, Grandma patiently
explained to me that for years her Garden Club met at one of the member's houses, on
a rating basis. She said about three years ago, they decided to combine their Bible
Study classes that were held bi-monthly with the Garden Club meetings, mostly as a
matter of convenience for the majority of the members of both groups.

"It has become such a fine arrangement, that all of us are delighted with the
results. For two years at east, the attendance at the Garden Club meetings has
increased unbelievably. I sort of believe that women who belong to our Garden Club
are coming to the Bible Study group when they might not have made an effort to go to
a sepârate meeting. However, most of us feel the real reason the attendance has grown
so is that after the Bible Study is over, we ask ifanyone has special problems they
would like to discuss with our group. It has been so successful, even 1ve cannot
believe that our women would air their concerns. The sensitive response is worth all
any shyness any member might have felt beforehand. By the time our meetings are over,
all of us feel better for having shared with each other prayerfully. It does help,
believe me."

"Once in a while our Pastor drops in, usually to enjoy the refreshments, and he
proudly praises our combines efforts. He jokingly says that we allow him to play golf
more often!"

"Cary is going to make sure that the horses and buggies are taken care of during our
meetings. I promised Mary sometime ago that she could act as Hostess for this meeting
in our home. Now, I want to ask you if you will do something important for me also."
Grandma was solemn as she looked at me.

"I will do anything I can, Grandma," I said willingly.

"ester usually keeps my good china washed up for during our meetings, but she is in
South Carolina this week visiting her sister. Could I depend on you to see that you
keep my china washed during the meeting?"

I shot Grandma a look of disbelief, but I saw that she was very serious.

"But - - Grandma, don't you remember the oatmeal bowls?"

Grandma flashed me a very fine smile and said, "You were only nervous your

first meal here alone. lrealize now that you would never have done such a thing on
purpose. After all. I trust you every morning with the fragile eggs you gather, and
you do a greatjob ofthat!"

"Then I shall consider it a privilege to keep the china washed up. You may be sure
that I will do a fine job," I said almost grateful that she trusted me with that
exactins task.

The food Grandma served at her Garden Club was outstanding. When I took a piece ofthe
delicious fudge, I could not help cringing slightly at the thought of that terrible
experience in the barn.

Mary came in about that time and brought the first of the dishes for me to wash. I
put the unpleasant thoughts out of my mind.

As I washed some of the lovely old dishes. I looked out the kitchen window; and I saw
Austin and Cary making sure the horses were cared for during Grandma's meeting. Most
of the women came in buggies, but one women had come in a wagon with one horse. Then
there was Mrs. Gertie Wilson, who had arrived ten minutes late just to show offher
new Model T Ford.

Grandma turned to Gertie, "I've been very concerned about yow sister, Sophie. Is she
feeling better now?"

A little surprised that Grandma even knew about her sister's illness, Gertie replied
earnestly, "The stroke left her partially patalyzed" but the doctor feels she may
fully recover. Thank you for asking."

"sophie is one of the ones we will be praying for in our Bible Study following this
meeting. I hope you can stay and meet with us," Grandma said quietly.

"You can count on it!" Gertie said before thinking. She had planned to leave after
the Garden Club meeting, as was her custom. She, however, would welcome the group's
prayers for her dear sister.

Many of Grandma's friends smiled slightly at the feat Grandma had accomplished. None
ofthem had ever been able to persuade Gertie to stay for their Bible Study.

The Garden Club meeting went according to their custom, and at last they came to the
presenting awards for the finest petunias. The lady who had brought me her cup and
saucer whispered to me, "There is never any contest on the best petunias - your
Grandma always wins. Her petunias are superb!"

The smile I returned was with great pleasure and pride that Grandma usually won first
pize, and then they presented Grandma with first prize for her petunias.

Gertie won second prize for her lovely roses. Gertie's face showed that, after
Grandma's kindness, she really did not mind second place this year.

Even though Grandma took first or second place most years, it did not keep other
Garden Club members from entering the contests.

The end result ofthe contests was colorful flowers, roses, petunias and other
favorite flowers of the Garden Club members that dotted the countryside from
Hurricane Shoals to Commerce. It was indeed worth all the effort that the members put
forth!

A few people left after the meeting of the Garden Club, but most of the seventeen
women rematned to share their problems and concerns with their sympathetic peers in
the meeting that followed called the Bible meeting'

Almost to a woman, the members looked forward to sharing and receiving comfort from
others.

It was a well known fact that Grandma had read the Bible through four times' There
was no doubt in my mind that she accomplished this by reading the Bible while she was
churning for her large family.

Before Grandma's Bible meeting was wer that day, not only Gertie received, comfort,
but a number of other friends were able to feel befter about their problems as well
after they shared them with their friends.

It was a very fulfilling experience for me even at my young age; and it is one of the
things that I remember most about the suûlmer when I was,eleven years old and visited
my Grandparents'home alone.

