She Cares
=========

A handsome buggy, pulled by a fine Kentucky horse, pulled up even with Grandma's
petunia bed. Before getting out, the lady looked at the petunias and seemed to admire
the blazing colors.

Quickly, however, the elegant lady with the stunning clothes, complete with gloves
and a light parasol stepped from the buggy with a grace seldom seen in these parts.

It was two days after Grandma's Garden Club meeting.

Grandma came out of the house and graciously addressed her friend, "Evelyn, what a
nice surprise! Do come in out of the heat and have something cool to drink." Grandma
almost wished she had a bottle of fine wine to offer hei obviously distressed friend.

"Thank you' Mattie," was all she could utter at first. sitting in the relaxing
atmosphere of Grandma's parlor, Evelyn began to relax just a little.

Grandma appeared momentarily with some fresh made lemonade. ..The ice is a treat
because the ice man came yesterday on one of his weekly trips."

"You seem troubled, Evelyn. Is there anything I can do to help?',

"Otr, Mattie, just being in your lovely parlor helps!" Evelyn began breathlessly.

"I'm glad," Grandma said quietly. ',Take your time. I squeezed these lemons early
this morning, so just sip and enjoy your drink, then you can tell me all about what's
troubling you. A calm look at problems seems tô help a lot."

Evelyn sat for a few moments gathering her thoughts so that she could say them in
just the right way. Failing, she blurted out, "He wants to leave us! After
twenty-five years of marriage and two children, he just wants to thow it all away!
Just because he is middle-aged, and has to worry about our future. He inherited his
father's fortune, so that can't reallv be a problem."

"Oh no," she said quickly. "He just has -become disenchanted with his business and
wants out. He recently admits to himself and me that our business is one his father
chose and built. His own dreams had to try to blend in with the existing business.
They never did" and I am afraid even at this late date he wants to go to Tahiti for
ayear or so until he figures out how to make his own dreams come true. Isn't that
crazy?"

".Perhaps, but I am beginning to get the idea he does not want to leave you or th.e
children, he just wants to get out ofthe business that makes him so unhâppy."

"Is there another woman?" Grandma asked guardèdly.  ￼Kathryn Bush

"I realize that is true, of course, but the last three months have been miserable for
all of us."

Grandma said quietly, "I don't believe there is a professional or any other working
man around that has not many times wanted to chuck it all and escape to some island
somewhere."

"Do you really think so?" Evelyn raised her tear-soaked eyes from her dainty
embroidered handkerchief."

"I'm sure of it!" Grandma confided shyly.

"Are you serious?" Evelyn asked incredulously. "You are the perfect couple who is
admired by the whole Garden Club as examples for us to follow. Are you trying to tell
me you had problems when you were my age?" She brightened considerably, and flashed
her lovely smile.

..I am indeed telling you that once in a while any two individuals differ in their
opinions. One thing Bud could never understand is why I have read the Bible ihrough
four times. He thinks only one would have been quite an accomplishÀent. I tried
patiently to explain to him, many times, that when I churn ànd when I have to rest
upstairs after lunch, I really prefer to read the Scriptures to continue to learn how
to conduct my life," Grandma said'

;Th.n you earnestly feel that reading the Bible every day helps you to share your
problems and listen to those ofothers?" Evelyn asked earnestly.

- ".Yet I do. I don't always feel that I am wise enough to interpret everything I
  read. but I do find comfort in trying," Grandma said thoughtfully.

"What you are actually saying is that I should sit down with my husband and talk
througl his problems as well as his dreams with him. Maybe we both would find some-
comfàrt and strength if we face our troubles together," Evelyn said quietly.

..I definitely do. When we have committed our lives together, there is nothing

we can't sharè, if we prayerfully attempt to make things right, " Grandma

finished.

Evelyn stood up, and without saying another word, grasped Grandma's hand

and left, determined to get her life ad her husband's back on track - the same track
they had chosen as bride and groom.

Grandma had succeeded once again in setting her friends'lives back on

course - at least she liked to think so.

Grandma walked out and waved goodbye to her friend, Evelyn' She paused a moment to
admire once again the petunias that were her pride and joy'
