Best Organ Pumper
=================

I got all excited one morning when I saw Gladys get out ofher car. Perhaps if I
coaxed her enough, she'd show me a little about playing Grandpa's organ. Grandpa was
always tired by the time supper was over, and it relaxed him to play for us while we
sang our favorite songs, Grandma had already told me on this visit that Gladys
hadjust now reached the age when her legs were long enough to comfortably reach the
pedals on the old foot pumped organ.

Gladys was now taking organ lessons, and she had to prevail upon Grandma's kindness
to allow her to practice until she proved to her mother that she was serious about
her lessons for them tojustifu spending the money to buy her a good used organ.

Grandpa had said I was the best organ pumper he'd ever seen, so I must get a head
start on playing the organ.

Gladys spoke to me as she rushed past saying, "Katie, I'm glad I was able to see you
today while I am here. I really did not have a chance to talk to the day I played the
organ at Grandma's Garden Club meeting. How are Mickey and Buck? It seems strange to
see you visit alone. Irene never comes during the summer anymore. I suppose she has a
lot of activities to keep her time occupied."

I bristled at her insinuation that I could not handle visiting alone, but since I
wanted her to show me more about playing the organ, I decided to show her my charming
side.

"Gladys, their plans were already made when I suddenly decided to visit early this
suûrmer. Irene has involved Mickey in her busy surnmer plans, and Buck will probably
come later in the summer. In fact, I am thinking of extending my visit until the
reunion. I am having a wonderful time; and Grandma is teaching me so many things I
need to know to nrn my own house someday,' I said sweetly.

Gladys shot me a quick look to see if I was being sarcastic, but she was satisfied
that I was merely stating the truth.

"I've heard from Grandma that you really enjoy churning."

"Oh yes," I said. "I have started reading my books like Grandma reads her Bible while
I churn, and I have now become a person who truly enioys readins." Grandma was
snapping beans for supper w'hen she heard me tdllGladys tË'at

I was thinking of extending my visit, and she smiled warmly at me.

"Indeed!" Gladys was taken by surprise. "What can a city girl like you find

to do on a farm for such a lone visit?" ￼Kathyn Bush

"Oh, I find plenty to do. In fact, there is just not enough time to do all I want to
do!"

I glanced at Grandma, and she could contain her pleasure no longer. "Katie has become
my right hand assistant this summer. She learns so fast; and I've been trying to
teach her something about housekeeping and cooking. Why, she has already learned to
cook Country Ham and Red Eye gravy! Katie and your Grandpa could survive on that
meal!"

"I like Country Ham, too," Gladys admitted grudgingly, "but I have never know how to
cook it. Mama is always in too much of a hurry to let me try."

Grandma looked surprised, but I said sweetly, "I'll teach you, Gladys. After all, you
are being nice enough to give me pointers on how to play Grandpa's organ."

"Well, I never! Grandma, you never tried to teach any of the rest of us anything!"
Gladys snapped before she regained her composwe.

"Now calm down, Sweetie. Your mother and the other mothers have enough time to spend
with you; and they are constantly seeing that you leam the things you should know.
Katie's mother, Ethel, is a very gifted church worker. She's always in demand to
speak at ladies meetings, and she teaches a large adult Sunday School class. So - -
you see, it's a mighty small thing for me to give Katie a few helpful suggestions
about how to run a house. Katie likes things neat, so she has been doing quite well.

"Now, Gladys, Katie has been itching to learn enough about the organ so that she can
practice when she's alone. Do you think you could give her a few basic chords?"
Grandma could be charming alsol

Gladys, remembering her sarcastic accusations, readily agreed to help me'. After a
few misguided chords on my part, I finally was producing a sort of music on the
organ. I was so thrilled, I forgot I could not reach the pedals! I would not always
have Gladys to pedal for me. But - I brightened - I would have Grandma! I'm sure she
would take a few minutes each day before her rest time. After I finished my chores,
of course. Speaking of the chores I performed each day, I was beginning to think of
them, mostly, as things that I enjoyed doing. Not just because I was doing these
daily tasks for Grandma, but sometimes I dreamed that I was doing the chores in a
neat home I would be the commander of.

In a few minutes, Gladys decided she had paid her dues, so she quickly departed
mumbling something about seeing us next week.

"Now, young lady, what is this unexpected news of your wanting to stay with us two
more weeks?"

"I hope you won't mind, Grandma. It just sort of slipped out. I'm afraid Gladys
brings out the worst in me. But - - I really do want to stay for two more weeks, if
it is all right with you and Grandpa. I am having such a great time. Also, I am
learning so many interesting things. I still like churning best. Also, I have
developed a real love for reading while I chum."

"We were hoping that you'd want to stay a little longer." Grandma said, pleased more
than she cared to show.
