MMM - Cotton Candy
==================

Grandma decide that she would spend a few days with a sick relative of hers who lived
in Commerce. I stayed with Aunt Marie and her kids during the day; and Grandpa picked
me up after he returned from work each evening.

On Friday, Grandpa walked over and got me (as that narrow little road was too
treacherous even for him to tackle in his car.) He told me that he had brought
Grandma home with him a few minutes before. He said my aunt was feeling much better
and now able to take care ofherself.

I noticed a definite twinkle in Grandma's eye when she greeted me. Right away, she
took my hand and led me into her room and directly to her suitcase. "She's brought me
a present," I thought hopefully.

Grandma carefully opened her suitcase, and reached inside for the treat she had
brought me. She almost had tears in her eyes when she saw with dismay that the cotton
candy had completely been reduced to a few grains of sugarl

"lt was so pretty and very delicious," she wailed as she turned to me. "I had one
ofthese yesterday, and I wanted to surprise you with this today. And now - - it has
completely disappeared! In my wildest imagination, I never dreamed it would melt in
my suitcase. I packed it ever so carefully. Please go get your Grandfather."

Grandpa smiled an indulgent smile at his usually mild-mannered wife and said,
"Perhaps it is a good thing the candy melted. Now the three ofus can go tomorrow and
enjoy the Camival so that I can get Katie some fresh cotton candy!"

"Do you really mean it, Grandpa?" I practically squealed with delight.

Grandma was not to be outdone with such generosity. She said sweetly, "You just might
want to invite Mary and Cary to go with us. They don't get to town very often."

There was another excited squeal from my corner of the room. "Oh, Grandma, that would
be wonderful!" I hugged them both fondly and added "lt won't be dark for a couple of
hours. May I please go and invite them now? I'm so excited, I can't wait until
morning." The snake lying in wait before did not cross my excited mind.

"I'll walk over with you," said Grandpa.

"Not without me, you won't!" teased Grandma. "I wouldn't miss seeing the twins' faces
when you mention their going to the Carnival. Besides, it will be a refreshins walk
over." ￼Kathryn Bush

Cary and Mary were waiting at the door when we arrived. This was an unexpected visit
for the three of us as we seldom were able to go anywhere together, except church.

Mary was the first to speak, but not by much. "I can't believe itl" she said after I
excitedly told her we wanted them to go with us to the Carnival in the morning. 'Are
we really going to the Carnival? Morning can't come too soon for me!"

Cary nodded his head vigorously and quickly said, "I've wanted to go to that Carnival
ever since I heard on the radio that it was coming this week! Just think what a great
time we will have,"

Woody had just walked into the room, having heard the whole conversation. Her face
mirrored her disappointment in not having been asked to go along. After a quick
glance at Woody, Grandpa said smoothly, "Woody, would you go with us, too?"

Woody beamed her answer, "My woe-begone face got to you, huh?"

"IN spades!" Grandpa laughed heartily.

Grandpa said firmly, 'At 8:30 sharp tomorrow morning, we are pulling out.

Anyone coming late will be teft behind!" Since he was known for his punctuality, no
one doubted his words.

Grandma smiled impishly and adde4 "The sooner we get there, the more fun we will
have. The cotton candy is excellent this year." She turned to wink at me..

The twins and Woody looked at Grandma in bewilderment, as they marveled at how she
knew that.

Grandpa and I knew that another cousin had taken Grandma by the Carnival to buy the
cotton candy for me. We chuckled to ourselves at the awed expressions on the faces of
the three facing us. After a long, satisffing moment, we explained.

Three excited faces led us to the door. We said our goodbyes and walked a little
faster toward home. Hunger was setting in as we had missed having supper. On such
occasions, Grandma usually cooked Country Ham, Red Eye grary and grits. Grandpa and I
smiled expectantly at the prospect of our favorite meal.

Grandma did not disappoint us.

Later in the evening, when I was comfortably settled in my pallet upstairs, I

thought about the Carnival tomorrow moming. It would be so much fun, especially with
my cousins coming along. Then a thought hit me and I almost cringed. We would have to
be riding with Grandpa in his "Flying Machine'" Surely he would go more slowly with
Grandma in the car. I smiled to myself as I remembered Grandma's "Pony Express" ride
to Maysville in her buggy!

None of the fears of speed bothered me for long as I went to sleep dreaming of a
Carnival that sold cotton candy!
