Grandpa's Flying Machine
========================

Grandpa's Ford Touring car, I forgot what year, was known far and wide as a car that
he ways "flew" along at top speed over the narroq winding dirt roads between Commerce
and his home. Anltime anyone saw a constant stream of dust appearing in the distance,
they instinctively knew it had to be Grandpa, and they gave him a wide berth.

All of us thought Grandpa would have made a fine airplane pilot with his love ofa
speeding vehicle.

One day, Grandpa said to me, "Sugar Babe, Grandma needs more ice for making her
homemade ice cream tonight. Would you like to ride into town with me? We'll be back
before you know it."

I should have taken that as the key to Grandpa's speeding pace, but I would have gone
with Grandpa to the moon, if he had asked me. Too late, I remembered last summer when
I had been so frightened riding with Grandpa. I swallowed hard and got in beside him
in the passenger seat up front. After all, I reasoned to myself, I was a year older
now and should be able to take speed without fear.

As we raced along the dirt road, Grandpa looked over at me and grinned. "Sugar Babe,
you are still afraid, I can tell, to be riding with me, but there seems to be a
little difference. You still aren't crazy about my speeding along, but I notice you
don't mind it as much as last summer."

I grinned bravely and said, "Maybe I'm beginning to take after you!"

That pleased Grandpa a lot..

It was not long before we reached the ice house in Commerce. Grandpa

picked out the size we would need and Jake loaned him a container to keep the ice in
until we reached Grandma so that it would not melt.

On the way back, Grandpa seemed to slow his breakneck speed. I suspected that it was
because he wanted to talk.

As we rounded a curve in the road, I shouted" "Grandpa, look outl There is a big hole
in the road!"

Even at the slower speed, I was afraid he might not see the large hole. Skillfully, I
had to admit, Grandpa missed the hole just in the nick of time.

"You thought that ole hole had me, huh? It appears every time it rains hard. I've
been dodging it for years. They keep filling it up, dirt roads don't take to repairs
very well."

"You could have fooled me! I could just see you busting a tire - or worse!"

"I know every inch ofthis old road. Heaven knows, I've traveled it enough. Most of my
building business is in Commerce; so twice a day, I'm dodging small ￼Kathryt Bush

rocks, or holes in the road. They keep promisiug me it will be paved soon, but it
hasn't happened yet." Grandpa said with a slight frown on his face.

"You really love your building business, don't you, Grandpa? Your own house is so
pretty and sturdy. kene told me that you practically built your house with your own
two hands."

There was a great deal of pride in Grandpa's smile as he said, "I guess I had hoped
it would last forever, and who knows, it just might!"

I looked and saw that Grandpa was turning into the driveway oftheir house. After he
skillflrlly missed that big hole, I could almost forgive his speed. He really was a
fine driver - just fast!
