Meeting At The Well
===================

I had just returned a book to Grandpa's library when I heard Grandma muttering, "With
forty grandchildren you'd think one of the boys would be around when I need him."

"I'm not a boy, but can I help?" I quickly said.

Grandma looked up a little embarrassed she'd been talking aloud to herself. The water
in the storage tank of the stove has cooled off - and is not enough, anylvay, and I
want to take a bath and relax for a while in my tub. I had to gather some vegetables
from the garden while you were churning, and I had my mind set on relaxing for a few
minutes."

Around the comer of the house, a cousin named Paul appeared. He said, "Mama knew you
did not raise squash this year, so she wanted me to bring you this basket full. We
had so many ripen at the same time. Hey, Grandma, let me draw that water for you! How
many buckets do you need?"

"Five would be wonderful. I'll have to fire up the stove to get the water hot enough
for my bath. Just pour the water into the storage tank ofthe stove, please. Paul,
since you are sop nice to do the water for me,just stick around for awhile and I'll
make some fudge. After all, the stove will still be hot.

Paul was so fond of Grandma's fudge, he would have stayed around all night, if
necessary. He said eagerly, "Will five buckets be enough? Do you have any of those
Japanese walnuts stored in your pantry? I really love those!"

'As a matter of fact, just the other day I ran across a container of those walnuts.
That's a fine idea.'Grandma was pleased.

My smile was getting wider all the time. I didn't have to lug the healy water, and
I'd still get to share in the fudge - with my favorite walnuts built in!

The thought crossed my mind of the fudge Grandma had made earlier in my visit when
she gave me some to help me forget the scary incident in the barn. I quickly put that
out of my mind. After all, soon after, Grandpa had taken me in his car to get ice at
Commerce. His fast driving made me uneasy, but it was always fun to be with Grandpa.
￼Like Grondmo's wild ride to Moysville!
