Swimming Hole
=============

One afternoon, very hot and humid, Cary and Mary came over to invite me to go with
them down to the creek. They wanted to try to build a swimming hole by damming up the
creek in the pasture.

"Grandpa has been promising us He'd dam up the creek so we can have fun swimming and
trying to keep cool," Mary said.

"Yeah," Cary said, "and he has been too busy this summer. He just hasn't had time. Go
get your swimsuit, Katie, and we'll do the job ourselves."

"l can't go without asking Grandma; and she's taking her nap."

"She won't mind. She said before you came that she wished Grandpa would hurry up and
build the dam so we could cool off. It has been so hot so soon this year," Mary
finished.

"Well - - I guess maybe she won't mind this once," I said hesitantly. I hurried to
put on my swimsuit. It was a hand-me-down from Mickey, but it was cute enough.

The next few minutes found us locating assorted sizes of stones to use to dam up the
small creek. We also gathered some sticks and began to use the clay mud generously to
be sure the water couldn't seep through.

We worked very hard for what seemed like a long time. Finally, we stood back to
admire our work. Just as were ready to plunge in and cool off, Cary shouted, "Don't
move! That mean old bull, Oscar, is standing just above us on the small cliff. He
looks puzzled as to what we are doing to his favorite watering hole!"

Mary quickly said, "While he is puzzled, let's get out of here!"

Moving swiftly but carefully, we managed to head toward the barn at top speed!

I looked back, and the great bull had lowered his head and was enjoying his even
larger water hole. "He's drinking our swimming water!" I cried.

I turned my attention to catching up with the other two. We climbed over the fence in
record time and, with our last spurt of energy, flung ourselves on the grass
alongside the barn.

"Did you catch that look on Oscar's face as he was coming down the hill? He almost
seemed pleased and thought we'd done all that work to build him a bigger watering
hole!" Mary said, and we all laughed so hard we hurt.

Soon our laughter turned to concern as we saw the look on Grandma's face as she came
swiftly down the path toward us!  ￼
