Invention Stolen
================

At breakfast one morning, Grandpa told us about one ofhis latest inventions he had
just completed in his small workshop at the foot of the hill behind their home. He
was all excited because it was something that could revolutionize a segment of the
farm equipment industry.

After we finished eating, the three of us - Grandpa, Grandma and I - walked down to
his shop. Grandpa demonstrated his not too complicated but vital invention to us. It
was marvelous and Grandma and I got all excited with him. The possibilities for
marketing such a product were tremendous. Grandma and I were amazed at the simplicity
of his new idea and wondered what took him so long to figure this one out.

Grandpa was quite an inventor. Over the years, he had invented some rather important
things - mostly concerning ways to improve farm equipment. He always felt there were
better ways to do farm chores more efficiently.

While we were still standing there admiring Grandpa's handiwork, the door swung open
and a farm equipment salesman appeared. He took one long, sweeping look at Grandpa's
invention. He would later remember all the important details.

The salesman clumsily said to Grandpa, "I don't have anything new to show you today.
I just stopped by on my way to Maysville."

Grandpa noticed the man had taken in all the details of his new machine, but. being a
very honest man himself, he brushed aside any suspicions about the salesman. "Burt,
come on down to the house and have a glass of iced tea before you go."

Burt squirmed a little and managed to say, "Thanks, Bud, but I have another call to
make before dark. I just wanted you to know that I stopped by on my regular
schedule." He quickly disappeared into his car nearby.

Grandma said uneasily, "Bud" did you notice how he stared at your new invention? It
was almost as if he were memorizing each detail."

Grandpa answered, trying to convince himself as well as her. "Nonsense. Burt is a
good man. Besides, he is not an inventor!"

"Maybe not, but you'd better get to that Patent Office the first thing tomorrow
morning. I just don't trust the look on Burt's face, and he left so quickly." Grandma
was genuinely worried.

"Now, Mattie, I can't possibly have time to get to the Patent Office before Friday,
so let's put that worry out of our minds. Why don't I play the organ and let's sing
for a while." ￼Kathryn Bush

"That sounds good to me," I said, but Grandma still did not cheer up.

When Grandpa showed up at the Patent Office on Friday morning early, as he had
promised us, he received a shock even he had trouble accepting' He presented his
invention plans to his frien{ Gerald, but was told that two days before, a man had
come in with an invention just like it, and they had issued a patent to him.

"Gerry was it a farm equipment salesman named Burt?" Grandpa asked hesitantly, as he
had considered Burt an old friend.

"Hold on a minute, Bud, and let me think. Why yes, I believe that was his name. Do
you know him?"

"I thought I did. I guess Mattie was right. I am entirely too trusting, and this
time, it backfired on me!"

"Next time, Bud, please bring your invention ideas in right away. You are a fine
builder, but you are also a fine inventor. That Burt character looked like he
couldn't even find his own driveway," Gerald said gently.

Grandpa thanked Gerald and sadly left the office. His heart was healy to think that a
man would stoop so low as to steal his invention right from under his very eyes. It
was the best one he'd ever invented, and would have brought in a lot of money. ln the
future, he would have to make sure he applied for his patents immediately to protect
his interests. If only the salesman had knocked before entering, he could have
quickly put a tarp over the machine.

When Grandpa returned home, he looked so dejected" we felt very sorry for him.

I said, "Grandpa, let's go sing. When you play the organ, that always cheers you up!"

Grandpa gave me a half crooked smile and said, 'All right, Sugar Babe. But it may
take a lot of singing to cheer me up this time."

Pretty soon, Grandma joined us at the organ, and, for a long time, we sang almost all
the songs we knew.

It wasn't too long before Grandpa said "l feel better now. I must learn not to be so
trusting of people. It was such a simple invention. That's why Burt was able to
reproduce it so quickly. Next time, I'll be waiting at the door when the Patent
Office opens just as soon as I finish an invention."

"That's the spirit" Grandma agreed, happy that he had accepted not only the loss of
the invention but the possible money it would have brought in.
