Thinking About Charlie
======================

After Grandpa resigned himself that not every man was an honest and upright as he
was, he smiled his crooked smile behind his bushy white mustache. Grandma and I knew
that he was thinking of something in the past that was pleasant to him.

"Back when your Mama and Daddy were first married, we invited them to live with us
for a while until they could afford a place of their own. charlie was a bright young
man, but going into my building business with such a new father- in-law did not
appeal to him. Also, farming was not his thing either. For the first few days, he
hung around my workshop, just looking things over hoping he could find something to
do that did appeal to him.

"One day, Charlie repaired one of the farm machines. He found it so easy for him that
he pretty soon repaired everything in sight!"

"Now, wait a minute, I'm getting ahead of myself. Let's go back a little further.
Your Mother's fifteenth birthday proved to be quite exciting! She and Charlie eloped.
She wore two changes ofclothes so that no one would suspect anything as she was not
carrying a suitcase. Her brothers figured out the plot anyway, and gave them hot
pursuit in buggies to the minister's house. They must have called a truce with her
brothers because they were indeed married that night, with the brothers as witnesses.

'After the initial shock of the elopement and because Ethel was so young, we relented
and invited them to live with us for a while.

"Ethel had become a marvelous cook, and did not mind cooking for such a large crowd.
For many years, we had been eating her delicious cooking, and now it appeared we
would not have to give that up just yet.

Grandpa's eyes twinkled with pride as he spoke of his youngest and probably favorite
daughter.

"Now I can take up again where Charlie was repairing the farm equipment with a great
deal of natural skill. Charlie said to me, "Maybe I can repair other farmer's
machinery too."

"One hot summer day, Charlie was wiping the perspiration from his brow when he saw my
car slowly approaching the house. He well knew my only speed was fast, so he walked
down into the yard to see what was wrong.

"Charlie, you can fix everything else - do you suppose you can see what's wrong with
my car?" ￼Kathryn Bush

Charlie grinned and said, after looking, "It's the fuel pump, Dad! I believe I

can take it off, clean it real well, and when I put it back on, it should be good as

new."

He proceeded to do just that, and after a short time, he installed the fuel

pump expertly, Grandpa beamed.

"Start it up, dad and lets see if it works."

"I was amazed when I stepped on the starter that my car ran just like a topl" "Darn,
Charlie, you really are amazing! You married too soon to go to

college, but in these hard times, you've hit on a career you are really good at! I'm
proud ofyou, Son!" I just couldn't say enough good things about the way he was using
his natural talent to create a vocation for himself.

"Other friends and relatives of Charlie's did indeed go to college; but never did a
young man enjoy his career as much as Charlie! He became a Master Mechanic. Another
thing, he loved people; and in his business, he was able to satisfy their mechanical
needs, as well as enjoying them as friends' He was such an expert, repeat customers
were a way of life with him.

"Most importantly, during this Great Depression, Charlie is able to keep you all fed
and clothed. His business is always good because during the hard times, no one can
buy a new car and he helps to keep their old ones running."

We looked at Grandpa's face and on it we observed the kindest expression we had ever
seen. Grandpa indeed loves each and every one ofthis large family.
