At Least I Can Walk
===================

It was just after I had finished churning one morning and I had gathered the eggs
that I went into the kitchen to find Grandma putting on her prettiest bonnet. "Go get
ready, Katie. I have decided to take you with me into Commerce to

see the house where you were born. I also need to buy some thread and buttons that
were not at the little store in Maysville."

"That's great!" I replied. "It has been a long time since my parents took us there.
Irene and Mickey have told me many times that I won a baby contest when I was
eighteen months old. Will I see that place, too?"

"Yes, we will. It was only a month after you won that contest that you were stricken
with Polio."

"But, Grandma - - I didn't have Polio! Mama said I slipped and fell on the slick
floor when the maid was mopping in the kitchen. Mama said one foot went one way and
the other - -"

Grandma quickly interrupted me. "That is just not true, Katie! your mother just
couldn't face your having Polio. Back in those days, it was considered a stigma,"
Grandma said kindly. "Your mother was just trying to protect you. you were such a
pretty little thing; and she felt so terrible that you were not going to be able to
walk for a while - I believe it was actually six months. She and Charlie took you to
every doctor in the county, trying to see ifone ofthem could perform a miracle and
make you walk."

"During that six months, Irene and Curtis were your legs and they carried you
tirelessly almost everywhere you wanted to go. They didn't even complain too much as,
even at theù young ages, they realized it could have been their lot to have the Polio
instead ofyou! You were a slender child, however, and not much weight for them to
carry."

"tell me, Grandma, why didnl Mama and Daddy tell me that I had polio rather than
making me believe that ridiculous story about falling on the kitchen floor?"

"I honestly believe that they did intend to tell you lateq but time passed and it
seemed easier just to let the story about the fall stand. I personally thought Ethel
made a grave error by not telling you!"

"I always felt that I had more problems with my weak ankles than a mere fall could
cause," I said, trying not to be bitter.

"There were many times when I told you that your walking was a habit," Grandma
admitted. "I made you feel that with determination, you could walk normally," Grandma
added sadly.  ￼Kathryn Bush

"How well I remember those remarks!! I felt you should have understood I could not
help the weakness in my ankles; even though at that time, I was told it was from the
fall. I had enough grit that I tried to walk normally' Grandma, I'm afraid that I
really resented your nagging me about my walking!" (I tried hard not to show my anger
now.)

"I was always well aware of your feelings each time I nagged you, but, in my heart, I
thought that if I brought your walking to your attention often enough, you'd make the
effort to overcome yow problem.

"Then, one day when I went to Commerce, I ran across your family doctor; and he
assured me that no amount of determination on your part would help' He said your
ankles would always be weak to a certain extent' He expressed the hope that someday
there would be operations developed to completely alleviate the weakness in both
ankles. That gave me hope; and I immediately stopped criticizing the way you walked,'
Grandma said sincerely.

Grandma looked at me searching somehow for my forgiveness. With some misgivings
because I had resented her criticism for so long, I broke into a genuine smile and
told Grandma, "Now that I understand I really had Polio, I àppreciate your concern
for me. You were only trying to make up for the fact that my parents had failed to
tell me the truth about my actually having that dread disease, Polio. By the time I
am grown, there is bound to be a doctor who can straighten out the weakness in my
ankles."

Grandma said with affection, "I know they will, and you will be able to wear high
heels and dance into the night with your favorite beau."

I smiled at Grandma's use of the word "beau," but I hoped with all my heart that she
was right.

"I'll have to give your parents credit for trying to get you well, though. They took
you to every doctor they heard ofthat had worked with Polio patients, but most ofthem
had never seen a case as slight as yours; and theyjust did not know how to start
treating you." Grandma still looked a little concerned'

'At his work, one day, your Daddy heard of a doctor in Gainesville, Georgia, who had
met with limited success with young children who had slight cases of Polio such as
yours. The doctor said he had enabled three children to walk again'

"That was good enough for your parents. They couldn't wait to have that doctor
examine you." Grandma had my complete attention now

"Was that the doctor who helped me walk again?" I asked earnestly.

"He was indeed. However, there was a problem after he examined you. He definitely
felt he could help you to walk again, but he would have to treat you three times a
week for several months." Grandma explained.

"But Daddy couldn't get off work that often to drive us to Gainesville," I

said.

"Exactly, but your Daddy loved you very much' He told the doctor to set up

the schedule of appointments you needed, and within ten days, he could move your
family to Gainesville. Charlie explained that he could get a job in Gainesville very
quickly. He said a man there had offered him a better paying job just last month, and
had been calling him weekly to see if he would come' Charlie felt his present
employer would understand.

"So - - in less than two weeks, your family moved; and you were able to get the
treatments on a rezular basis."

92 ￼FORTY GRAND

"Is Polio the reason my ankle are still a little weak?" I asked shyly.

"Yes but that intelligent head you have on your shoulders will more than make up for
any slight weakness in your ankles. So what if you can't wear high heels too often?"
Grandma looked at me with a great deal of genuine affection.

"You know, Grandma, when I am grown, I will try very hard to find a surgeon to fix me
up. Then I can walk gracefully, dance, and - - everything."

"That's the spiritl Now run along and get ready for our little trip into the big
city."

In short time, I was back neatly dressed and my hair brushed especially nice.

Even a fast buggy ride is much slower than riding in Grandpa's "Flying Machine." As
we approached the covered bridge, I had no fear. I had been through that quaint old
bridge so many times, I rather enjoyed racing through at Nellie Belle's top speed. I
wasn't sure whether I was developing a real love for speeding vehicles, or I was just
getting used to them.

Grandma said suddenly, as she reigned Nellie Belle to a slow trot. "I want us to stop
for a few minutes when we get to Hurricane Shoals. I never fail to get an awesome
thrill out of watching that beautiful water."

"Even though I just saw them recently, with Grandpa, I can't wait to see the Shoals
again, Grandma. Has anyone ever written a history of Hurricane Shoals?" "Not a
complete one - that I have ever read, but someone should as the

history is quite fascinating, so far as I have been able to read. It is said that the
Indians were in awe of the moving waters, and they had many names for them." Grandma
showed a keen interest in the Shoals. "Who knows, maybe someday you will be the
writer to set down the real history of these awesome Shoals," Grandma said.

"Perhaps when I am a famous writer, I'll do the necessary research and make Hurricane
Shoals one of my best works," I said dreamily.

"Yow imagination just might prompt you to want to write such a history. I'll look
forward to reading it!" Grandma said with genuine fondness.

It was later that afternoon that I gathered all the facts I could about Hurricane
Shoals and wrote my first important essay. I proudly handed the effort to Grandma
while she was preparing dinner.

Grandma's eyes lit up and she read my essay then and there. After she finished she
called Grandpa in and read my piece aloud to him. She was so proud.

'Our Hurricane Shoals'

"The Indians before us discovered in awe the beautiful,

fascinating waters of Hurricane Shoals. They had many names for this awesome sight -
their favorite of which was "Tumbling Waters." Just imagine how they must have stood
for a long time after heavy rains just observing the white water formed as the
increased water rushed over the vast expanse of granite.

"Today, we have the same opporrunif to focus our cameras and record for later
pleasurable viewing the majesty and greatness of Hurricane Shoals' natural beauty and
splendor.

93 ￼Kathryn Bush

"Throughout the South, many states claim to have similar shoals, but we who are born
nearby consider these as belonging to us. Our forefathers enjoyed the same changing
splendor of Hurrioane Shoals, depending at any given time on the recent amount of
rains in the area,

"Nature in all its glory is always quietly waiting at Hurricane Shoals. It is waiting
to be observed by those who seek a quiet remembrance ofour heritage, pas! present and
future.

ByA. Ifutlryn Nunn June27.1936

After Grandma finished wiping a proud tear ftom her eyes, Grandpa said softly, "I'11
have to move some of those old books over in my library someday to make rpom for this
tale.nted youqg writer's works."

The widest smile I could manage was beaming on my face!
