Trees That Flourish
===================

After a fine day at my grandparents' church, we returned to their home. Grandma made
ham sandwiches and she insisted we also eat the vegetables left over from last night.
She was not one to waste food, and we didn't complain too much because they tasted
even better today. After lunch, she served us her delicious cherry pie,

As soon as the dishes were washed and put away, Grandma said "I'm going upstairs for
a while to rest."

Virginia Slims had not even been heard of at that time, but I had heard rumors that
Grandma occasionally smoked a small corncob pipe. I always suspected that not all of
her time was spent reading the Bible through four times. Or - - perhaps she smoked
her little pipe while she read!

Most of the men Grandpa was acquainted with at times were known to chew tobacco.
Grandpa was sometimes known to indulge in this not too great habit while driving his
car to and from his building business in Commerce. My sister, Irene, can attest to
the fact that it is not wise to sit behind Grandpa while he is flying along his
chosen dirt roads!

After Grandma had climbed the stairs to rest for a couple of hours, Grandpa turned to
me and said, "Sugar Babe, would you like to go with me to inspect the orchard and the
nut trees?"

Grandpa called each one of his forty grandchildren "Sugar Babe." The amazing part was
that it made each of us feel special. Grandpa continued" "I like to walk through the
trees. It gives me a chance to clear up any broken limbs and just make sure they are
all healthy.

As soon as we walked along chatting easily, Grandpa said that before Grandma's health
became a little problem, she used to walk with him through these same trees. He told
me how they used to discuss each tree almost separately, remembering just when each
was planted, and how much they had grown and prospered through the years. He told me
of the three Japanese Walnut trees. "I brought them home one day, and they were the
puniest things and so straggly that your Grandma laughed and said, "No way would they
ever amount to anything!"

"Now, Mattie," I said, "with some extra loving care, they will grow to be fine trees,
bearing proudly the nuts that come out whole - almost every time."

She scoffed at my enthusiasm, and predicted that they would die before the summer was
over.  ￼Kathryn Bush

We had reached the Japanese Walnut trees by this time, and Grandpa proudly showed me
that they were the tallest, healthiest trees of all - towering over the others.
Grandpa said, "Your Grandma has come to love these nuts. Next to our papershell
pecans, they are her favorites. Woody has said she prefers them over any ofthe
others."

"Grandma makes those delicious Pecan Pralines with those papershell pecans, doesn't
she? Do you suppose she will make some while I am here?" I asked enthusiastically.

'As a matter of fact, she mentioned to me that she plans to make a batch of that
candy on Friday. She found enough in herpantry. I love the Pralines as much as
anyone. Hers are so creamy, and not a bit sugary as some are. We have that to look
forward to. But don't mention that to Grandma. Now that I think about it, it is to be
a surprise for you."

"I won't say a word, "I grinned happily, looking forward to one of my very favorite
treats.

With the exception of a few small branches that had blown off the pecan trees during
a thunderstorm the week before I arrived everything was neatly in order, as far as
trees go.

After seeing even the few branches, I asked Grandpa, with a little apprehension in my
voice, "Are the thunderstorms around here as severe as the ones we have had at home
this year?" I didn't even want to think about the storms I had been through.

"Some are eye-openers, all right, but with the number of lightening rods I have on
our house, we feel safe enough." His voice was light, but he gave me a look that
showed his concem for my recent experience in Gainesville.

"Your mother used to occasionally walk through our tees with me. I believe she knew
just when the cherries would be ripe because she always enjoyed picking enough for
Grandma to make a pie for supper." Grandpa smiled wistfully as he spoke of his
favorite daughter.

Grandpa kept on talking about my mother as if he enjoyed recalling her childhood. "It
wasn't so very long before your mother leamed to make those delicious cherry pies
herself- among other things. She was a born cook. From the time she stood on a stool
when she was nine to make biscuits, her love and fascination with cooking increased
almost weekly. I remember one week, when she was thirteen years old, she prepared
some ofthe most delicious fried chicken I had ever tasted. I raved over it to your
Grandma, thinking she had cooked it. Later, Mattie told me that Ethel had cooked most
of that meal. "Why didn't she tell me so that I could brag on her efforts?'I had
said,"

"Grandma explained Ethel was biding her time until she cooked a whole meal, including
dessert, before she let us know she was the one who had been preparing those
wonderful meals."

"Did you brag on her when she admitted she was the one who cooked so well?" I asked.

"Oh my, yes!" Grandpa smiled. 'All of us, especially your Grandma praised her so
highly that she added new dishes weekly so that our meals would be very special,"
Grandpa finished softly.

"Do you think that Mama can teach me to cook well? I really would like to know how to
cook fried chicken and milk graly like hers." I was eager to know.

"She'll teach you - in due time," Grandpa promised. "Well now can you believe that
our walk is over already; and we are back beside Grandma's beautiful petunias?" He
finished proudly.
