Love Was Her Main Ingredient
============================

Grandma and I were in her vegetable garden busily picking green beans when she
suddenly broke into merry laughter.

"What is it?" I asked curious that she should laugh so while we were gathering beans.

"Many times when I pick green beans, I am reminded of the time your mother tried
cooking her first batch ofthese beans."

"How old was she?" I interrupted.

"Just about your age. She had been standing on a stool since she was nine to make
biscuits, so she figured she was just about ready to tackle cooking the vegetables as
well. I told you earlier my health was bad back then so my three girls had to do
their part to keep the family going. Anyway, Ethel picked enough beans to feed an
army. She snapped them according to how she had observed me doing, but she forgot one
important detail. She forgot that the beans had to be "strung" before they could be
snapped. As a result, even though the beans had a wonderful flavor, everyone ended up
with stringy beans as they tried to eat them. Ethel was so embarrassed over her
error, that she vowed the next beans she cooked would be perfect - and they were.
Sometimes, I believe that that frustrating experience made Ethel learn to cook well
at an early age; and she learned to love to cook. Charlie was a lucky man to marry a
young lady who was already an experienced cook."

"Grandma, Irene keeps talking of what a marvelous cook our mother is. I try to think
back to remember any particularly outstanding meals she cooked for us through the
years. Fried chicken with milk gravy, green beans, usually bought fresh and snapped
lovingly by Mama - and mashed potatoes. Those come to mind as one of the fabulous
meals Mama can concoct for our family, even in the leanest financial years.

'Also, the country fried steak she hammers with a meat mallet to tenderize the meat
so that it is just the right tenderness she requires to set before us. That also she
serves with that same delicious graly lavishly over the top of the crispy fried
pieces of "hammered" steak that has been carefully rolled in flour with salt and
pepper. It is a good thing that no one worries about cholesterol count, as we all
would have a real problem, but we just sit there at her table and eat until we can
eat no more."

"One thing about your mother being such a good cook - she instills in your whole
family, as she had in ours before she married, a love for eating good food, well
prepared." ￼Kathryn Bush

Years later, when I thought of all the lovingly prepared meals our mother used to set
before us, I realized that her ability to go into her pantry, even in bad times when
there was little to choose from, she had managed to nourishingly feed us, and she was
always careful to make us realize how fortunate we were to have food during this
Great Depression that affects our lives so excruciatingly for these years when our
whole country is struggling to survive.

None of us children will ever forget these Great Depression years when we lived in
Gainesville, Georgia, on Main Street. I particularly mention the name of our street
because it is located about half-way between the railroad depot and downtown. Hobos
getting off the freight train cars usually pass in desperate search of, many times,
their first and only meal of the day. We figure that they marked our house as a home
that would always share at least some food. Invariably, when they do stop and ask for
a handout, our mother, with her fine Christian spirit, goes into our kitchen and
seeks any leftovers that she can find. Many times, only a baked sweet potato was
still warm in the stove; and she usually also puts in one or two of her homemade
biscuits. Not a fancy meal, but it drives away the hunger; and they leave with her
encouraging smile to remember as they walk on up the street.

Many of the hobos greedily finish the food my mother hands to them before they walked
back down our long driveway; but the food reminds them that they are far from home,
and many times, they head back toward the freight cars, we figure, to catch a freight
car closer to their home. The Depression will not last foreveq and many ofthem want
to get back closer to their homes when the hard times finally come to an end.

Suddenly Grandma spoke to me, and I became acutely aware that I had been in a silent
reverie considering my family's plight during the Depression.

Grandma said gently, "Try not to take the weight of the world on your shoulders,
Katie. This Depression cannot last forever. Just last week, Grandpa was telling me
that President Roosevelt has put together several programs that should help
tremendously toward getting people back to work."

"Do you really think so, Grandma? It has been so hard on everyone. It is wonderful to
think that it will soon be over."

"Grandpa has thought of a plan that will help in our small way to get many of the men
back to their hometowns so that their lives can get back to normal," Grandma said.

"Will he tell me about his plan tonight when he comes home?" I asked eagerly.

"He wants to talk to us after supper," Grandma added.
