Bumper Corn Crop
================

Grandpa walked in early, with Austin close behind him. Grandpa quickly said, "Mattie,
I invited Austin for supper as he is a part of the plan I want to talk to you about
after we eat."

Grandma looked up from her supper preparations and smiled warmly at Austin. She
always enjoyed the rare occasions when he ate with them.

Austin gave his little Grandma a hug and smiled at me.

"Supper will be ready in about fifteen minutes," Grandma informed them. "Would you
like some iced tea while you wait?"

"We are both hot and tired" so that sounds great. We will be out in the swing until
you call us." Grandpa was already heading in that direction.

I continued to set the table carefully while Grandma put the finishing touches on the
Country Fried Steak. A few minutes before, Grandma had taught me how to make the milk
graly. I was so proud of myself that it turned out so well for my first effort.

Since this dinner was a favorite meal selection for all of us, we decided to save
most of our conversation for our meeting in the parlor after supper.

Amid gracious comments on my gravy, we finally finished eating and walked into the
parlor. Grandma was insistent that we'd wait until later to do the dishes.

Grandpa even stood up for the announcement ofhis important plans.

"For several months, I have been observing hobos getting on and off the freight
trains in Commerce. They always look so dejected and forlorn that they touched me
deeply. Some have always been hobos, of course, and no doubt they always will be
since that is the fruitless path they have chosen for their lives. It is the others
who wander offthe trains aimlessly seeking handouts of food and any kind of job. Some
are bashful in their begging, and others act almost as if others should furnish them
with food while they are down and out because of this horrendous Great Depression."

"It is in the hope that a least some of those unfortunate souls can be helped and be
rehabilitated that a group of us farmers near Hurricane Shoah hàve decided on a
plan."

"For instance, Austin assures me that we have a bumper crop of corn this year. What I
want to propose to you, Mattie, is that we sell the corn as early as possible and use
one-half our profits to add to the other farmers' donations. We want to set up a fund
to buy railroad tickets for each eligible hobo to send him ￼Kathryn Bush

back to his home. We want to give him - each one - $25 to take back with him to buy
his first two weeks' groceries, plus one months rent' Each man will be informed of
the W.P.A. program President Roosevelt has started to put our unemployed back to
work. Each man who is given a ticket home and rent and grocery money to take with him
will be made acutely aware of the sacrifice a group of farmers is making toward their
future. We realize that one or two will take advantage of this situation, but we
honestly feel that if we help put most of them back on the right track to live useful
lives, it will be well worth all of our efforts. Well, Mattie, what do you think?"

"I'm overwhelmed, not only with our generosity, but what an idea to get so many
ofthose unfortunate a chance to get an early start on their rehabilitation for when
this horrible depression is finally over. I've been reading about how the W.P.A. is
catching on like wildfire because America is anxious to get back to normal living.
Count me in. It will be a privilege to know that I am a part of such an honorable and
unselfish project."

"Just the words I knew you would use!" Grandpa beamed.

"What are the others donating?" Grandma had to ask'

"Whichever crop they have in abundance this year' They will also donate

one-half of such a crop, as we are doing," Grandpa explained.

Austin adde4 "We are having forms made up for the men to fill out to see if they
qualiff. Also, Des is giving all of us top prices for these donated crops as his

own contribution toward our cause."

Grandpa added, "The last few weeks, I have stopped several hobos and

discussed briefly with them what we planned to do. To a man, hope sprang into their
eyes, and all of them admitted enthusiastically that they are eager to get back home
with their families. The hope of a job through the government's latest efforts was
almost unbelievable to them. Americans bounce back, and I have faith that our plan
not will be eagerly accepted but quickly put into action," Grandpa ended firmly.

Grandma said, "This project is the most unselfish, far reaching thing that we have
been involved in; and I am with you 100%."

"Me, too!" I blurted out as I was so carried away with the idea' All present smiled
affectionately at me and understood.
