United We Can Send Them
=======================

It was on a Thursday morning that Grandpa and Austin led the meeting of the thirteen
farmers who made it know that they wanted to participate in their special project.
The meeting was held in a small café in Maysville. Grandpa brought the meeting to
order after everyone had relaxed with doughnuts and coffee. The café furnished the
refreshments as their contribution to what they considered to be a very worthy cause.
When the meeting started, they were as eager to do their part as the farmers. Before
the meeting was over, they had offered to make up a box lunch for each man as he was
selected.

"Our bumper crop of corn," began Grandpa, "is committed at least one-half ofthe
proceeds, to be given to twelve deserving men who have been forced to become hobos
during this Great Depression all ofus are suflering through. Since announcing our
farm's plans, twelve others ofyou have expressed a desire tojoin us in our efforts to
help these men return to their homes, hopefully to get their lives back in order.
Some of those men have been riding the rails for several years surviving mostly on
the handouts of housewives with precious little food to spare."

"l personally have talked to several of the hobos in Commerce. Almost to a man, the
desire closet to their hearts is to get back home to their families, get a job, and
get on with their lives," Grandpa said.

"But, Bud" how is just getting them home going to solve anything? Won't they just
catch the next freight train when the money gives out?" Jeremy asked. "That, of
course, has been our worst concern, but, since Roosevelt

announced his plan for getting people back to work, we feel that help is definitely
on the way. The W.P.A. he offers, promises to put our Nation back to work and back on
its feet. I don't agree with all of it, but if it will put food back on everyone's
table, I'm all for it," Grandpa ended emphatically.

Austin spoke up, "Joe, the biggest company that buys most of our corn each year has
promised that they will donate l0% oftheir profits on the corn crop of each farmer
who participates in this venture."

Grandpa added 'As we told my wife, Mattie, we propose to buy a one way train ticket
(as long as our funds last) for each man who qualifies to return to his home. We will
give him the money for one months rent and $25 for two weeks' groceries. Each man is
to diligently seek employment during that month. With the WP.A. project reaching so
many cities, each man should be able to find a job. Even after careful screening of
the men, we expect to have a few deadbeats, but ￼Kathryn Bush

we feel that if we an help the majority get their lives back in order, it will be
well worth our efforts.

"You really and truly believe in this project, don't you, Bud?" Mike asked.

"I sincerely do. Our theory is that if we believe in these men, they will respond in
like manner," Grandpa said.

"Count me in, Bud. What have I got to lose except half of the best bumper corn crop
I've ever raised!" John said with a big smile.

One by one, the thirteen farmers committed themselves to what some considered a
Cinderella project, but they, too, wanted to believe that their small effort would
unite at least some families and would give the hope of finally getting their lives
together with a dignity they had never hoped to have again.
