FOREWORD
========

Polio Is Not For Everyone!
--------------------------

I was stricken with Polio at the tender age of eighteen months. I was too young to be bitter or
prejudiced - I just couldn't walk - for six whole months! My siblings had to literally carry me
everywhere I needed or wanted to go. Their kindness was overwhelming because they were aware of how
fortunate they were not to have been stricken with Polio as I was. Recognizing my present
personality traits, I am certain I connived to be taken some places totally unnecessary just to see
if they would agree to take me!

Eighteen months is pretty young, but I was already talking like a magpie and had nothing more to do,
I am sure, than to think of more places to go. They were very unselfish and gave in to my pleas.

There is no doubt in my mind that my sisters, Mickey and Irene, took up a lot of time reading to me.

They say I was a very sweet child - perhaps I had to be to have people wait on me so lovingly. I'm
sure I saw something at times akin to pity in their eyes, but I interpreted it as gratefulness to
God no one else was stricken with the dreaded Polio.

Many times during World War II, I listened to the Radio chats of President Roosevelt and marveled at
his tremendous ability to overcome his personal struggle with Polio. He led our nation out of the
Great Depression and helped make us victorious in World War II.

Then comes the nuisance in my life called Post Polio Syndrome! It should have been sufficient to
have suffered Polio, but this is unbelievable. No virus is involved - just unwanted, sometimes very
severe pain - causing life during such times to be absolutely miserable!

I will say one thing for my P.P.S. It truly gives a variety of nuisance pains. One time it will be
in my neck. Since I have four whiplash injuries, that really gets to me for four or five days. Then
there is my right foot. I had to have corrective surgery for Polio damage when I was twenty-two
years old. It had a heyday with that one.

Sometimes I go for a week or two with no problems or symptons at all to speak of, then a different
spot in my weary body will be affected.

When I first took the uncomfortable tests that determined I have Post Polio Syndrome, being only
human, I acted like an invalid for a couple of weeks - even had my family wait on me.  Being a very
active individual, I quickly decided Id probably had this uncomfortable condition for years and
called it arthritis. I made up my mind right then and there that I was not going to let this ruin my
life. I may have it forever, and there may be no cure, but I vowed even if I had to go in pain, I was
GOING! I plan to live my life as God planned in spite of POST POLIO SYNDROME.

Kathryn N. Bush,  
Golden Writer
